# CyberSource.Ptsv2paymentsOrderInformationAmountDetailsTaxDetails

## Properties
Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**type** | **String** | Indicates the type of tax data for the _taxDetails_ object.  Possible values:  - &#x60;alternate&#x60; - &#x60;local&#x60; - &#x60;national&#x60; - &#x60;vat&#x60; - &#x60;other&#x60;  For processor-specific details, see the &#x60;alternate_tax_amount&#x60;, &#x60;local_tax&#x60;, &#x60;national_tax&#x60; or &#x60;vat_tax_amount&#x60; field descriptions in [Level II and Level III Processing Using the SCMP API.](https://apps.cybersource.com/library/documentation/dev_guides/Level_2_3_SCMP_API/html/wwhelp/wwhimpl/js/html/wwhelp.htm)  | [optional] 
**amount** | **String** | Indicates the amount of tax based on the &#x60;type&#x60; field as described in the table below:  | type      | type description | |-----------|--------------------| | &#x60;alternate&#x60; | Total amount of alternate tax for the order. | | &#x60;local&#x60;     | Sales tax for the order. | | &#x60;national&#x60;  | National tax for the order. | | &#x60;vat&#x60;       | Total amount of Value Added Tax (VAT) included in the order. | | &#x60;other&#x60;     | Other tax. |  For processor-specific details, see the &#x60;alternate_tax_amount&#x60;, &#x60;local_tax&#x60;, &#x60;national_tax&#x60;, &#x60;vat_tax_amount&#x60; or &#x60;other_tax#_amount&#x60; field descriptions in [Level II and Level III Processing Using the SCMP API.](https://apps.cybersource.com/library/documentation/dev_guides/Level_2_3_SCMP_API/html/wwhelp/wwhimpl/js/html/wwhelp.htm)  | [optional] 
**rate** | **String** | Rate of VAT or other tax for the order.  Example 0.040 (&#x3D;4%)  Valid range: 0.01 to 0.99 (1% to 99%, with only whole percentage values accepted; values with additional decimal places will be truncated)  For processor-specific details, see the &#x60;alternate_tax_amount&#x60;, &#x60;vat_rate&#x60;, &#x60;vat_tax_rate&#x60;, &#x60;local_tax&#x60;, &#x60;national_tax&#x60;, &#x60;vat_tax_amount&#x60; or &#x60;other_tax#_rate&#x60; field descriptions in the [Level II and Level III Processing Using the SCMP API Guide.](https://apps.cybersource.com/library/documentation/dev_guides/Level_2_3_SCMP_API/html/wwhelp/wwhimpl/js/html/wwhelp.htm)  | [optional] 
**code** | **String** | Type of tax being applied to the item.  For possible values, see the processor-specific field descriptions in [Level II and Level III Processing Using the SCMP API.](https://apps.cybersource.com/library/documentation/dev_guides/Level_2_3_SCMP_API/html/wwhelp/wwhimpl/js/html/wwhelp.htm):  #### FDC Nashville Global - &#x60;alternate_tax_type_applied&#x60; - &#x60;alternate_tax_type_identifier&#x60;  #### Worldpay VAP - &#x60;alternate_tax_type_identifier&#x60;  #### RBS WorldPay Atlanta - &#x60;tax_type_applied&#x60;  #### TSYS Acquiring Solutions - &#x60;tax_type_applied&#x60; - &#x60;local_tax_indicator&#x60;  #### Chase Paymentech Solutions - &#x60;tax_type_applied&#x60;  #### Elavon Americas - &#x60;local_tax_indicator&#x60;  #### FDC Compass - &#x60;tax_type_applied&#x60;  #### OmniPay Direct - &#x60;local_tax_indicator&#x60;  | [optional] 
**taxId** | **String** | Your tax ID number to use for the alternate tax amount. Required if you set alternate tax amount to any value, including zero. You may send this field without sending alternate tax amount.  For processor-specific details, see &#x60;alternate_tax_id&#x60; field description in [Level II and Level III Processing Using the SCMP API.](https://apps.cybersource.com/library/documentation/dev_guides/Level_2_3_SCMP_API/html/wwhelp/wwhimpl/js/html/wwhelp.htm)  | [optional] 
**applied** | **Boolean** | Flag that indicates whether the alternate tax amount (&#x60;orderInformation.amountDetails.taxDetails[].amount&#x60;) is included in the request.  Possible values: - &#x60;false&#x60;: alternate tax amount is not included in the request. - &#x60;true&#x60;: alternate tax amount is included in the request.  For processor-specific details, see &#x60;alternate_tax_amount_indicator&#x60; field description in [Level II and Level III Processing Using the SCMP API.](https://apps.cybersource.com/library/documentation/dev_guides/Level_2_3_SCMP_API/html/wwhelp/wwhimpl/js/html/wwhelp.htm)  | [optional] 
**exemptionCode** | **String** | Status code for exemption from sales and use tax. This field is a pass-through, which means that CyberSource does not verify the value or modify it in any way before sending it to the processor.  For possible values and important information for using this field, see _Appendix B, \&quot;Exemption Status Values_ and _Offer-Level Tax Fields_ in [Level II and Level III Processing Using the SCMP API.](https://apps.cybersource.com/library/documentation/dev_guides/Level_2_3_SCMP_API/html/wwhelp/wwhimpl/js/html/wwhelp.htm)  | [optional] 


