# CyberSource.PtsV2PaymentsPost201Response1ProcessorInformation

## Properties
Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**transactionId** | **String** | Network transaction identifier (TID). You can use this value to identify a specific transaction when you are discussing the transaction with your processor. Not all processors provide this value.  Returned by the authorization service.  #### PIN debit Transaction identifier generated by the processor.  Returned by PIN debit credit.  #### GPX Processor transaction ID.  #### Cielo For Cielo, this value is the non-sequential unit (NSU) and is supported for all transactions. The value is generated by Cielo or the issuing bank.  #### Comercio Latino For Comercio Latino, this value is the proof of sale or non-sequential unit (NSU) number generated by the acquirers Cielo and Rede, or the issuing bank.  #### CyberSource through VisaNet and GPN For details about this value for CyberSource through VisaNet and GPN, see \"processorInformation.networkTransactionId\" in [REST API Fields](https://developer.cybersource.com/content/dam/docs/cybs/en-us/apifields/reference/all/rest/api-fields.pdf)  #### Moneris This value identifies the transaction on a host system. It contains the following information: - Terminal used to process the transaction - Shift during which the transaction took place - Batch number - Transaction number within the batch You must store this value. If you give the customer a receipt, display this value on the receipt.  **Example** For the value 66012345001069003: - Terminal ID = 66012345 - Shift number = 001 - Batch number = 069 - Transaction number = 003  | [optional] 
**tradeNumber** | **String** | The description for this field is not available. | [optional] 
**rawResponse** | **String** | This field is set to the value of failure reason returned by the processor.  | [optional] 
**rawResponseLocal** | **String** | This field is set to the value of failure reason returned by the processor in the local language of the processor.  | [optional] 
**responseDetails** | **String** | This field might contain information about a decline.  | [optional] 
**responseCode** | **String** | This field is set to the value of response code returned by the processor.  | [optional] 
**sellerProtection** | [**PtsV2PaymentsPost201ResponseProcessorInformationSellerProtection**](PtsV2PaymentsPost201ResponseProcessorInformationSellerProtection.md) |  | [optional] 
**avs** | [**PtsV2PaymentsPost201Response1ProcessorInformationAvs**](PtsV2PaymentsPost201Response1ProcessorInformationAvs.md) |  | [optional] 


