# CyberSource.PtsV2PaymentsPost201ResponsePaymentInformationTokenizedCard

## Properties
Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**prefix** | **String** | First six digits of token. CyberSource includes this field in the reply message when it decrypts the payment blob for the tokenized transaction.  | [optional] 
**suffix** | **String** | Last four digits of token. CyberSource includes this field in the reply message when it decrypts the payment blob for the tokenized transaction.  | [optional] 
**type** | **String** | Type of card to authorize. - 001 Visa - 002 Mastercard - 003 Amex - 004 Discover  | [optional] 
**assuranceLevel** | **String** | Confidence level of the tokenization. This value is assigned by the token service provider.  &#x60;Note&#x60; This field is supported only for **CyberSource through VisaNet** and **FDC Nashville Global**.  | [optional] 
**expirationMonth** | **String** | Two-digit month in which the payment network token expires. &#x60;Format: MM&#x60;. Possible values: 01 through 12.  **Barclays and Streamline**\\ For Maestro (UK Domestic) and Maestro (International) cards on Barclays and Streamline, this must be a valid value (01 through 12) but is not required to be a valid expiration date. In other words, an expiration date that is in the past does not cause CyberSource to reject your request. However, an invalid expiration date might cause the issuer to reject your request.  **Encoded Account Numbers**\\ For encoded account numbers (_type_&#x3D;039), if there is no expiration date on the card, use 12.  For processor-specific information, see the customer_cc_expmo field in [Credit Card Services Using the SCMP API.](http://apps.cybersource.com/library/documentation/dev_guides/CC_Svcs_SCMP_API/html)  | [optional] 
**expirationYear** | **String** | Four-digit year in which the payment network token expires. &#x60;Format: YYYY&#x60;.  **Barclays and Streamline**\\ For Maestro (UK Domestic) and Maestro (International) cards on Barclays and Streamline, this must be a valid value (1900 through 3000) but is not required to be a valid expiration date. In other words, an expiration date that is in the past does not cause CyberSource to reject your request. However, an invalid expiration date might cause the issuer to reject your request.  **FDC Nashville Global and FDMS South**\\ You can send in 2 digits or 4 digits. If you send in 2 digits, they must be the last 2 digits of the year.  **Encoded Account Numbers**\\ For encoded account numbers (card_type&#x3D;039), if there is no expiration date on the card, use 2021.  For processor-specific information, see the customer_cc_expyr field in [Credit Card Services Using the SCMP API.](http://apps.cybersource.com/library/documentation/dev_guides/CC_Svcs_SCMP_API/html)  | [optional] 
**requestorId** | **String** | Value that identifies your business and indicates that the cardholder’s account number is tokenized. This value is assigned by the token service provider and is unique within the token service provider’s database.  &#x60;Note&#x60; This field is supported only for **CyberSource through VisaNet** and **FDC Nashville Global**.  | [optional] 


