# CyberSource.Ptsv2paymentsidrefundsProcessingInformation

## Properties
Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**actionList** | **[String]** | Array of actions (one or more) to be included in the payment to invoke bundled services along with payment status.  Possible values are one or more of follows:   - `AP_REFUND`: Use this when Alternative Payment Refund service is requested.  | [optional] 
**paymentSolution** | **String** | Type of digital payment solution for the transaction. Possible Values:   - `visacheckout`: Visa Checkout. This value is required for Visa Checkout transactions. For details, see `payment_solution` field description in [Visa Checkout Using the REST API.](https://developer.cybersource.com/content/dam/docs/cybs/en-us/apifields/reference/all/rest/api-fields.pdf)  - `001`: Apple Pay.  - `004`: Cybersource In-App Solution.  - `005`: Masterpass. This value is required for Masterpass transactions on OmniPay Direct.   - `006`: Android Pay.  - `007`: Chase Pay.  - `008`: Samsung Pay.  - `012`: Google Pay.  - `013`: Cybersource P2PE Decryption  - `014`: Mastercard credential on file (COF) payment network token. Returned in authorizations that use a payment network token associated with a TMS token.  - `015`: Visa credential on file (COF) payment network token. Returned in authorizations that use a payment network token associated with a TMS token.  - `027`: Click to Pay.  | [optional] 
**reconciliationId** | **String** | Please check with Cybersource customer support to see if your merchant account is configured correctly so you can include this field in your request. * For Payouts: max length for FDCCompass is String (22).  | [optional] 
**linkId** | **String** | Value that links the current authorization request to the original authorization request. Set this value to the ID that was returned in the reply message from the original authorization request.  This value is used for:  - Partial authorizations - Split shipments  | [optional] 
**reportGroup** | **String** | Attribute that lets you define custom grouping for your processor reports. This field is supported only for **Worldpay VAP**.  | [optional] 
**visaCheckoutId** | **String** | Identifier for the **Visa Checkout** order. Visa Checkout provides a unique order ID for every transaction in the Visa Checkout **callID** field.  | [optional] 
**purchaseLevel** | **String** | Set this field to 3 to indicate that the request includes Level III data. | [optional] 
**recurringOptions** | [**Ptsv2paymentsidrefundsProcessingInformationRecurringOptions**](Ptsv2paymentsidrefundsProcessingInformationRecurringOptions.md) |  | [optional] 
**industryDataType** | **String** | Indicates that the transaction includes industry-specific data.  Possible Values: - `airline` - `restaurant` - `lodging` - `auto_rental` - `transit` - `healthcare_medical` - `healthcare_transit` - `transit`  #### Card Present, Airlines and Auto Rental You must set this field to `airline` in order for airline data to be sent to the processor. For example, if this field is not set to `airline` or is not included in the request, no airline data is sent to the processor.  You must set this field to `restaurant` in order for restaurant data to be sent to the processor. When this field is not set to `restaurant` or is not included in the request, no restaurant data is sent to the processor.  You must set this field to `auto_rental` in order for auto rental data to be sent to the processor. For example, if this field is not set to `auto_rental` or is not included in the request, no auto rental data is sent to the processor.  Restaurant data is supported only on CyberSource through VisaNet.  | [optional] 
**paymentType** | **String** | Identifier for the payment type | [optional] 
**refundOptions** | [**Ptsv2paymentsidrefundsProcessingInformationRefundOptions**](Ptsv2paymentsidrefundsProcessingInformationRefundOptions.md) |  | [optional] 
**transactionTypeIndicator** | **String** | This field is used identify the type of payment transaction taking place. This field is applicable for MasterCard transactions only. Possible values: - 201- Mastercard Rebate - 202- rePower Load Value - 203- Gaming Re-pay - 204- General Person-to-Person - 205- General Transfer to Own Account - 206- Agent Cash Out - 207- Payment of Own Credit Card Bill - 208- Business Disbursement - 209- Government/Non-Profit Disbursement - 210- Rapid Merchant Settlement - 211- Cash in at ATM (Usage limited to specific countries) - 212- Cash in at Point of Sale (Usage limited to specific countries) - 213- General Business to Business Transfer - 214- Mastercard Merchant Presented QR - 215- Mastercard Merchant Presented QR Refund Payment - 216- Utility Payments (for Brazil domestic use only) - 217- Government Services (for Brazil domestic use only) - 218- Mobile phone top-ups (for Brazil domestic use only) - 219- Coupon booklet payments (for Brazil domestic use only) - 220- General Person-to-Person Transfer - 221- Person-to-Person Transfer to Card Account - 222- General Transfer to Own Account - 223- Agent Cash Out - 224- Payment of Own Credit Card Bill - 225- Business Disbursement - 226- Transfer to Own Staged Digital Wallet Account - 227- Transfer to Own Debit or Prepaid Account - 228- General Business-to-Business Transfer - 229- Installment-based repayment - 230- Mastercard ATM Cash Pick-Up Transaction - 231- Cryptocurrency - 232- High-risk Securities  | [optional] 


