# CyberSource.Ptsv2billingagreementsMerchantInformation

## Properties
Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**merchantDescriptor** | [**Ptsv2billingagreementsMerchantInformationMerchantDescriptor**](Ptsv2billingagreementsMerchantInformationMerchantDescriptor.md) |  | [optional] 
**categoryCode** | **Number** | The value for this field is a four-digit number that the payment card industry uses to classify merchants into market segments. A payment card company assigned one or more of these values to your business when you started accepting the payment card company&#39;s cards. When you do not include this field in your request, CyberSource uses the value in your CyberSource account.  For processor-specific information, see the &#x60;merchant_category_code&#x60; field description in [Credit Card Services Using the SCMP API.](http://apps.cybersource.com/library/documentation/dev_guides/CC_Svcs_SCMP_API/html)  #### CyberSource through VisaNet The value for this field corresponds to the following data in the TC 33 capture file5: - Record: CP01 TCR4 - Position: 150-153 - Field: Merchant Category Code  | [optional] 
**administrativeArea** | **String** | The state where the merchant is located.  #### PIN debit State code or region code for your business. Use the Use the [State, Province, and Territory Codes for the United States and Canada](https://developer.cybersource.com/library/documentation/sbc/quickref/states_and_provinces.pdf) This value might be displayed on the cardholder&#39;s statement.  When you do not include this value in your PIN debit request, the merchant name from your account is used. **Important** This value must consist of English characters.  **Note** This field is supported only for businesses located in the U.S. or Canada.  Optional field for PIN debit credit or PIN debit purchase.  | [optional] 
**transactionLocalDateTime** | **String** | Date and time at your physical location.  Format: &#x60;YYYYMMDDhhmmss&#x60;, where:  - &#x60;YYYY&#x60; &#x3D; year  - &#x60;MM&#x60; &#x3D; month  - &#x60;DD&#x60; &#x3D; day  - &#x60;hh&#x60; &#x3D; hour  - &#x60;mm&#x60; &#x3D; minutes  - &#x60;ss&#x60; &#x3D; seconds  #### Used by **Authorization** Required for these processors: - American Express Direct                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         - American Express Direct - Credit Mutuel-CIC - FDC Nashville Global - SIX  Optional for all other processors.  | [optional] 
**cancelUrl** | **String** | URL to which the customer is directed if they fail to sign the mandate. #### SEPA Required for Create Mandate and Update Mandate #### BACS Required for Create Mandate  | [optional] 
**successUrl** | **String** | URL to which the customer is directed if they fail to sign the mandate. #### SEPA Required for Create Mandate and Update Mandate #### BACS Required for Create Mandate  | [optional] 
**failureUrl** | **String** | URL to which the customer is directed if they fail to sign the mandate. #### SEPA Required for Create Mandate and Update Mandate #### BACS Required for Create Mandate  | [optional] 


