# CyberSource.Ptsv1pushfundstransferSenderInformation

## Properties
Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**name** | **String** | Name of sender.  Funds Disbursement  This value is the name of the originator sending the funds disbursement.  Government entities should use this field  | [optional] 
**email** | **String** | Customer's email address, including the full domain name.  | [optional] 
**firstName** | **String** | This field contains the first name of the entity funding the transaction Mandatory for card payments  | [optional] 
**lastName** | **String** | This field contains the last name of the entity funding the transaction Mandatory for card payments  | [optional] 
**middleName** | **String** | This field contains the  middle name of the entity funding the transaction  | [optional] 
**postalCode** | **String** | Sender's postal code.  For USA, this must be a valid value of 5 digits or 5 digits hyphen 4 digits, for example '63368', '63368-5555'. For other regions, this can be alphanumeric, length 1-10.  Required for FDCCompass.  | [optional] 
**buildingNumber** | **String** | Building number in the street address.  For example, if the street address is: Rua da Quitanda 187 then the building number is 187.  Applicable to domestic Colombia transactions only.  | [optional] 
**streetName** | **String** | This field contains the street name of the recipient's address.  Applicable to domestic Colombia transactions only.  | [optional] 
**address1** | **String** | Street address of sender.  Funds Disbursement  This value is the address of the originator sending the funds disbursement.  Required for card transactions  | [optional] 
**address2** | **String** | Used for additional address information. For example: Attention: Accounts Payable  Optional field.  | [optional] 
**locality** | **String** | The sender's city Mandatory for card payments  | [optional] 
**administrativeArea** | **String** | Sender's state. Use the State, Province, and Territory Codes for the United States and Canada.The sender's province, state or territory. Conditional, required if sender's country is USA or CAN. Must be uppercase alpha 2 or 3 character country subdivision code.  See https://developer.cybersource.com/library/documentation/sbc/quickref/states_and_provinces.pdf  Mandatory for card payments  | [optional] 
**country** | **String** | Sender's country code. Use ISO Standard Alpha Country Codes.  https://developer.cybersource.com/library/documentation/sbc/quickref/countries_alpha_list.pdf  | [optional] 
**dateOfBirth** | **String** | Sender's date of birth in YYYYMMDD format.  | [optional] 
**phoneNumber** | **String** | Customer's phone number.  It is recommended that you include the country code when the order is from outside the U.S.  | [optional] 
**paymentInformation** | [**Ptsv1pushfundstransferSenderInformationPaymentInformation**](Ptsv1pushfundstransferSenderInformationPaymentInformation.md) |  | [optional] 
**referenceNumber** | **String** | Reference number generated by you that uniquely identifies the sender.  | [optional] 
**account** | [**Ptsv1pushfundstransferSenderInformationAccount**](Ptsv1pushfundstransferSenderInformationAccount.md) |  | [optional] 
**personalIdentification** | [**Ptsv1pushfundstransferSenderInformationPersonalIdentification**](Ptsv1pushfundstransferSenderInformationPersonalIdentification.md) |  | [optional] 
**type** | **String** | `B` for Business or `I` for individual.  | [optional] 
**vatRegistrationNumber** | **String** | Customer's government-assigned tax identification number.  | [optional] 


