# CyberSource.PtsV2PaymentsCapturesPost201ResponseProcessorInformation

## Properties
Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**transactionId** | **String** | Processor transaction ID.  This value identifies the transaction on a host system. This value is supported only for Moneris. It contains this information:   - Terminal used to process the transaction  - Shift during which the transaction took place  - Batch number  - Transaction number within the batch  You must store this value. If you give the customer a receipt, display this value on the receipt.  Example For the value 66012345001069003:   - Terminal ID = 66012345  - Shift number = 001  - Batch number = 069  - Transaction number = 003  | [optional] 
**networkTransactionId** | **String** | Network Transaction Identifier Applicable for online capture transactions only.  | [optional] 
**responseDetails** | **String** | The processor code that describes why the transaction state is pending or reversed.  | [optional] 
**responseCode** | **String** | For most processors, this is the error message sent directly from the bank. Returned only when the processor returns this value.  **Important** Do not use this field to evaluate the result of the authorization.  #### PIN debit Response value that is returned by the processor or bank. **Important** Do not use this field to evaluate the results of the transaction request.  Returned by PIN debit credit, PIN debit purchase, and PIN debit reversal.  #### AIBMS If this value is `08`, you can accept the transaction if the customer provides you with identification.  #### Atos This value is the response code sent from Atos and it might also include the response code from the bank. Format: `aa,bb` with the two values separated by a comma and where: - `aa` is the two-digit error message from Atos. - `bb` is the optional two-digit error message from the bank.  #### Comercio Latino This value is the status code and the error or response code received from the processor separated by a colon. Format: [status code]:E[error code] or [status code]:R[response code] Example `2:R06`  #### JCN Gateway Processor-defined detail error code. The associated response category code is in the `processorInformation.responseCategoryCode` field. String (3)  #### paypalgateway Processor generated ID for the itemized detail.  | [optional] 
**providerResponse** | **String** | Processor response to the API request.  | [optional] 
**updateTimeUtc** | **String** | The date and time when the transaction was last updated, in Internet date and time format.  | [optional] 


