# CyberSource.Ptsv2paymentsMerchantDefinedInformation

## Properties
Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**key** | **String** | The number you assign for as the key for your merchant-defined data field. Valid values are 0 to 100.  For example, to set or access the key for the 2nd merchant-defined data field in the array, you would reference &#x60;merchantDefinedInformation[1].key&#x60;.  #### Visa Platform Connect For installment payments with Mastercard in Brazil, use &#x60;merchantDefinedInformation[0].key&#x60; and &#x60;merchantDefinedInformation[1].key&#x60; for data that you want to provide to the issuer to identify the transaction.  For details, see \&quot;Installment Payments on Visa Platform Connect\&quot; in the [Credit Card Services Using the SCMP API Guide.](https://apps.cybersource.com/library/documentation/dev_guides/CC_Svcs_SCMP_API/html/wwhelp/wwhimpl/js/html/wwhelp.htm)  | [optional] 
**value** | **String** | The value you assign for your merchant-defined data field.  For details, see &#x60;merchant_defined_data1&#x60; field description in the [Credit Card Services Using the SCMP API Guide.](https://apps.cybersource.com/library/documentation/dev_guides/CC_Svcs_SCMP_API/html/wwhelp/wwhimpl/js/html/wwhelp.htm)  **Warning** Merchant-defined data fields are not intended to and must not be used to capture personally identifying information. Accordingly, merchants are prohibited from capturing, obtaining, and/or transmitting any personally identifying information in or via the merchant-defined data fields. Personally identifying information includes, but is not limited to, address, credit card number, social security number, driver&#39;s license number, state-issued identification number, passport number, and card verification numbers (CVV, CVC2, CVV2, CID, CVN). In the event CyberSource discovers that a merchant is capturing and/or transmitting personally identifying information via the merchant-defined data fields, whether or not intentionally, CyberSource will immediately suspend the merchant&#39;s account, which will result in a rejection of any and all transaction requests submitted by the merchant after the point of suspension.  #### CyberSource through VisaNet For installment payments with Mastercard in Brazil, use &#x60;merchantDefinedInformation[0].value&#x60; and &#x60;merchantDefinedInformation[1].value&#x60; for data that you want to provide to the issuer to identify the transaction. For details, see \&quot;Installment Payments on CyberSource through VisaNet\&quot; in [Credit Card Services Using the SCMP API.](https://apps.cybersource.com/library/documentation/dev_guides/CC_Svcs_SCMP_API/html/wwhelp/wwhimpl/js/html/wwhelp.htm)  For details, see \&quot;Installment Payments on CyberSource through VisaNet\&quot; in [Credit Card Services Using the SCMP API.](https://apps.cybersource.com/library/documentation/dev_guides/CC_Svcs_SCMP_API/html/wwhelp/wwhimpl/js/html/wwhelp.htm)  For installment payments with Mastercard in Brazil: - The value for merchantDefinedInformation[0].value corresponds to the following data in the TC 33 capture file5:   - Record: CP07 TCR5   - Position: 25-44   - Field: Reference Field 2 - The value for merchantDefinedInformation[1].value corresponds to the following data in the TC 33 capture file5:   - Record: CP07 TCR5   - Position: 45-64   - Field: Reference Field 3  | [optional] 


