# CyberSource.Ptsv2paymentsidreversalsPointOfSaleInformationEmv

## Properties
Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**tags** | **String** | EMV data that is transmitted from the chip card to the issuer, and from the issuer to the chip card. The EMV data is in the tag-length-value format and includes chip card tags, terminal tags, and transaction detail tags.  For information about the individual tags, see the \"Application Specification\" section in the EMV 4.3 Specifications: http://emvco.com  **Note** Card present information about EMV applies only to credit card processing and PIN debit processing. All other card present information applies only to credit card processing. PIN debit processing is available only on FDC Nashville Global.  **Important** The following tags contain sensitive information and **must not** be included in this field:   - `56`: Track 1 equivalent data  - `57`: Track 2 equivalent data  - `5A`: Application PAN  - `5F20`: Cardholder name  - `5F24`: Application expiration date (This sensitivity has been relaxed for Credit Mutuel-CIC, American Express Direct, FDC Nashville Global, First Data Merchant Solutions, and SIX)  - `99`: Transaction PIN  - `9F0B`: Cardholder name (extended)  - `9F1F`: Track 1 discretionary data  - `9F20`: Track 2 discretionary data  For captures, this field is required for contact EMV transactions. Otherwise, it is optional.  For credits, this field is required for contact EMV stand-alone credits and contactless EMV stand-alone credits. Otherwise, it is optional.  **Important** For contact EMV captures, contact EMV stand-alone credits, and contactless EMV stand-alone credits, you must include the following tags in this field. For all other types of EMV transactions, the following tags are optional.   - `95`: Terminal verification results  - `9F10`: Issuer application data  - `9F26`: Application cryptogram   #### CyberSource through VisaNet - In Japan: 199 bytes - In other countries: String (252)  For Mastercard Transactions, Optionally Tag 9F60 (Authenticated Application Data) and  Tag 96 (Kernel Identifier - Terminal) can be included in the Field.  #### GPX This field only supports transactions from the following card types: - Visa - Mastercard - AMEX - Discover - Diners - JCB - Union Pay International  #### JCN Gateway The following tags must be included: - `4F`: Application identifier - `84`: Dedicated file name  Data length: 199 bytes  #### All other processors: String (999)  #### Used by Authorization: Optional Authorization Reversal: Optional Credit: Optional PIN Debit processing (purchase, credit and reversal): Optional  | [optional] 


