# CyberSource.Ptsv2paymentsidcapturesOrderInformationInvoiceDetails

## Properties
Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**purchaseOrderNumber** | **String** | Value used by your customer to identify the order. This value is typically a purchase order number. CyberSource recommends that you do not populate the field with all zeros or nines.  For processor-specific information, see the &#x60;user_po&#x60; field in [Level II and Level III Processing Using the SCMP API.](http://apps.cybersource.com/library/documentation/dev_guides/Level_2_3_SCMP_API/html)  | [optional] 
**purchaseOrderDate** | **String** | Date the order was processed. &#x60;Format: YYYY-MM-DD&#x60;.  For processor-specific information, see the &#x60;purchaser_order_date&#x60; field in [Level II and Level III Processing Using the SCMP API.](http://apps.cybersource.com/library/documentation/dev_guides/Level_2_3_SCMP_API/html)  | [optional] 
**purchaseContactName** | **String** | The name of the individual or the company contacted for company authorized purchases.  For processor-specific information, see the &#x60;authorized_contact_name&#x60; field in [Level II and Level III Processing Using the SCMP API.](http://apps.cybersource.com/library/documentation/dev_guides/Level_2_3_SCMP_API/html)  | [optional] 
**taxable** | **Boolean** | Flag that indicates whether an order is taxable. This value must be true if the sum of all _lineItems[].taxAmount_ values &gt; 0.  If you do not include any &#x60;lineItems[].taxAmount&#x60; values in your request, CyberSource does not include &#x60;invoiceDetails.taxable&#x60; in the data it sends to the processor.  For processor-specific information, see the &#x60;tax_indicator&#x60; field in [Level II and Level III Processing Using the SCMP API.](http://apps.cybersource.com/library/documentation/dev_guides/Level_2_3_SCMP_API/html)  Possible values:  - **true**  - **false**  | [optional] 
**vatInvoiceReferenceNumber** | **String** | VAT invoice number associated with the transaction.  For processor-specific information, see the &#x60;vat_invoice_ref_number&#x60; field in [Level II and Level III Processing Using the SCMP API.](http://apps.cybersource.com/library/documentation/dev_guides/Level_2_3_SCMP_API/html)  | [optional] 
**commodityCode** | **String** | International description code of the overall order’s goods or services or the Categorizes purchases for VAT reporting. Contact your acquirer for a list of codes.  For processor-specific information, see the &#x60;summary_commodity_code&#x60; field in [Level II and Level III Processing Using the SCMP API.](http://apps.cybersource.com/library/documentation/dev_guides/Level_2_3_SCMP_API/html)  | [optional] 
**transactionAdviceAddendum** | [**[Ptsv2paymentsOrderInformationInvoiceDetailsTransactionAdviceAddendum]**](Ptsv2paymentsOrderInformationInvoiceDetailsTransactionAdviceAddendum.md) |  | [optional] 


