# CyberSource.Ptsv2paymentsAggregatorInformationSubMerchant

## Properties
Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**cardAcceptorId** | **String** | Unique identifier assigned by the payment card company to the sub-merchant. | [optional] 
**name** | **String** | Sub-merchant’s business name.  #### American Express Direct The maximum length of the sub-merchant name depends on the length of the aggregator name. The combined length for both values must not exceed 36 characters.  #### Visa Platform Connect With American Express, the maximum length of the sub-merchant name depends on the length of the aggregator name. The combined length for both values must not exceed 36 characters. The value for this field does not map to the TC 33 capture file5.  #### FDC Compass This value must consist of uppercase characters.  #### FDC Nashville Global With Mastercard, the maximum length of the sub-merchant name depends on the length of the aggregator name: - If aggregator name length is 1 through 3, maximum sub-merchant name length is 21. - If aggregator name length is 4 through 7, maximum sub-merchant name length is 17. - If aggregator name length is 8 through 12, maximum sub-merchant name length is 12.  | [optional] 
**address1** | **String** | First line of the sub-merchant’s street address.  For processor-specific details, see &#x60;submerchant_street&#x60; field description in [Credit Card Services Using the SCMP API.](https://apps.cybersource.com/library/documentation/dev_guides/CC_Svcs_SCMP_API/html/wwhelp/wwhimpl/js/html/wwhelp.htm)  #### Visa Platform Connect The value for this field does not map to the TC 33 capture file5.  #### FDC Compass This value must consist of uppercase characters.  | [optional] 
**locality** | **String** | Sub-merchant’s city.  For processor-specific details, see &#x60;submerchant_city&#x60; request field description in [Credit Card Services Using the SCMP API.](https://apps.cybersource.com/library/documentation/dev_guides/CC_Svcs_SCMP_API/html/wwhelp/wwhimpl/js/html/wwhelp.htm)  #### Visa Platform Connect The value for this field does not map to the TC 33 capture file5.  #### FDC Compass This value must consist of uppercase characters.  | [optional] 
**administrativeArea** | **String** | Sub-merchant’s state or province.  For possible values and also aggregator support, see &#x60;submerchant_state&#x60; request field description in [Credit Card Services Using the SCMP API.](https://apps.cybersource.com/library/documentation/dev_guides/CC_Svcs_SCMP_API/html/wwhelp/wwhimpl/js/html/wwhelp.htm)  #### Visa Platform Connect The value for this field does not map to the TC 33 capture file5.  #### FDC Compass This value must consist of uppercase characters.  | [optional] 
**region** | **String** | Sub-merchant’s region.  **Example**\\ &#x60;NE&#x60; indicates that the sub-merchant is in the northeast region.  For processor-specific details, see &#x60;submerchant_region&#x60; request field description in [Credit Card Services Using the SCMP API.](https://apps.cybersource.com/library/documentation/dev_guides/CC_Svcs_SCMP_API/html/wwhelp/wwhimpl/js/html/wwhelp.htm)  | [optional] 
**postalCode** | **String** | Partial postal code for the sub-merchant’s address.  For processor-specific details, see &#x60;submerchant_postal_code&#x60; request field description in [Credit Card Services Using the SCMP API.](https://apps.cybersource.com/library/documentation/dev_guides/CC_Svcs_SCMP_API/html/wwhelp/wwhimpl/js/html/wwhelp.htm)  #### Visa Platform Connect The value for this field does not map to the TC 33 capture file5.  #### FDC Compass This value must consist of uppercase characters.  | [optional] 
**country** | **String** | Sub-merchant’s country. Use the two-character ISO Standard Country Codes.  #### Visa Platform Connect The value for this field does not map to the TC 33 capture file.  #### FDC Compass This value must consist of uppercase characters.  See \&quot;Aggregator Support,\&quot; page 101.  | [optional] 
**email** | **String** | Sub-merchant’s email address.  **Maximum length for processors**   - American Express Direct: 40  - Visa Platform Connect: 40  - FDC Compass: 40  - FDC Nashville Global: 19  #### Visa Platform Connect With American Express, the value for this field corresponds to the following data in the TC 33 capture file: - Record: CP01 TCRB - Position: 25-64 - Field: American Express Seller E-mail Address  **Note** The TC 33 Capture file contains information about the purchases and refunds that a merchant submits to CyberSource. Visa Platform Connect creates the TC 33 Capture file at the end of the day and sends it to the merchant’s acquirer, who uses this information to facilitate end-of-day clearing processing with payment card companies.  | [optional] 
**phoneNumber** | **String** | Sub-merchant’s telephone number.  **Maximum length for procesors**   - American Express Direct: 20  - Visa Platform Connect: 20  - FDC Compass: 13  - FDC Nashville Global: 10  #### Visa Platform Connect With American Express, the value for this field corresponds to the following data in the TC 33 capture file5: - Record: CP01 TCRB - Position: 5-24 - Field: American Express Seller Telephone Number  **FDC Compass**\\ This value must consist of uppercase characters. Use one of these recommended formats:\\ &#x60;NNN-NNN-NNNN&#x60;\\ &#x60;NNN-AAAAAAA&#x60;  | [optional] 


