# CyberSource.Ptsv2paymentsidreversalsOrderInformationLineItems

## Properties
Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**quantity** | **Number** | Number of units for this order.  The default is &#x60;1&#x60;. For an authorization or capture transaction (&#x60;processingOptions.capture&#x60; is set to &#x60;true&#x60; or &#x60;false&#x60;), this field is required when _orderInformation.lineItems[].productCode_ is not set to **default** or one of the other values that are related to shipping and/or handling.  When orderInformation.lineItems[].productCode is \&quot;gift_card\&quot;, this is the total count of individual prepaid gift cards purchased.  | [optional] 
**unitPrice** | **String** | Per-item price of the product. This value cannot be negative. You can include a decimal point (.), but you cannot include any other special characters. CyberSource truncates the amount to the correct number of decimal places.  For processor-specific information, see the &#x60;amount&#x60; field description in [Credit Card Services Using the SCMP API.](http://apps.cybersource.com/library/documentation/dev_guides/CC_Svcs_SCMP_API/html)  **Important** Some processors have specific requirements and limitations, such as maximum amounts and maximum field lengths. See these guides for details: - [Merchant Descriptors Using the SCMP API Guide] (https://apps.cybersource.com/library/documentation/dev_guides/Merchant_Descriptors_SCMP_API/html/wwhelp/wwhimpl/js/html/wwhelp.htm) - \&quot;Capture Information for Specific Processors\&quot; section in the [Credit Card Services Using the SCMP API Guide](https://apps.cybersource.com/library/documentation/dev_guides/CC_Svcs_SCMP_API/html/wwhelp/wwhimpl/js/html/wwhelp.htm)  #### DCC with a Third-Party Provider Set this field to the converted amount that was returned by the DCC provider. You must include either the 1st line item in the order and this field, or the request-level field &#x60;orderInformation.amountDetails.totalAmount&#x60; in your request. For details, see \&quot;Dynamic Currency Conversion with a Third Party Provider\&quot; in the [Credit Card Services Using the SCMP API Guide.](https://apps.cybersource.com/library/documentation/dev_guides/CC_Svcs_SCMP_API/html/wwhelp/wwhimpl/js/html/wwhelp.htm)  #### FDMS South If you accept IDR or CLP currencies, see the entry for FDMS South in the [Merchant Descriptors Using the SCMP API Guide.] (https://apps.cybersource.com/library/documentation/dev_guides/Merchant_Descriptors_SCMP_API/html/wwhelp/wwhimpl/js/html/wwhelp.htm)  #### Zero Amount Authorizations If your processor supports zero amount authorizations, you can set this field to 0 for the authorization to check if the card is lost or stolen. See \&quot;Zero Amount Authorizations\&quot; in the [Credit Card Services Using the SCMP API Guide.](https://apps.cybersource.com/library/documentation/dev_guides/CC_Svcs_SCMP_API/html/wwhelp/wwhimpl/js/html/wwhelp.htm)  | [optional] 


