# CyberSource.Ptsv2paymentsPaymentInformationCard

## Properties
Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**_number** | **String** | The customer’s payment card number, also knows as the Primary Account Nunmber (PAN). You can also use this field for encoded account numbers.  For processor-specific information, see the &#x60;customer_cc_number&#x60; field description in [Credit Card Services Using the SCMP API.](http://apps.cybersource.com/library/documentation/dev_guides/CC_Svcs_SCMP_API/html)  | [optional] 
**expirationMonth** | **String** | Two-digit month in which the payment card expires.  Format: &#x60;MM&#x60;.  Valid values: &#x60;01&#x60; through &#x60;12&#x60;.  #### Barclays and Streamline For Maestro (UK Domestic) and Maestro (International) cards on Barclays and Streamline, this must be a valid value (&#x60;01&#x60; through &#x60;12&#x60;) but is not required to be a valid expiration date. In other words, an expiration date that is in the past does not cause CyberSource to reject your request. However, an invalid expiration date might cause the issuer to reject your request.  #### Encoded Account Numbers For encoded account numbers (_type_&#x3D;039), if there is no expiration date on the card, use &#x60;12&#x60;.  **Important** It is your responsibility to determine whether a field is required for the transaction you are requesting.  For processor-specific information, see the &#x60;customer_cc_expmo&#x60; field description in [Credit Card Services Using the SCMP API.](http://apps.cybersource.com/library/documentation/dev_guides/CC_Svcs_SCMP_API/html)  | [optional] 
**expirationYear** | **String** | Four-digit year in which the credit card expires.  Format: &#x60;YYYY&#x60;.  #### Barclays and Streamline For Maestro (UK Domestic) and Maestro (International) cards on Barclays and Streamline, this must be a valid value (&#x60;1900&#x60; through &#x60;3000&#x60;) but is not required to be a valid expiration date. In other words, an expiration date that is in the past does not cause CyberSource to reject your request. However, an invalid expiration date might cause the issuer to reject your request.  #### Encoded Account Numbers For encoded account numbers (**_type_**&#x60;&#x3D;039&#x60;), if there is no expiration date on the card, use &#x60;2021&#x60;.  #### FDC Nashville Global and FDMS South You can send in 2 digits or 4 digits. If you send in 2 digits, they must be the last 2 digits of the year.  **Important** It is your responsibility to determine whether a field is required for the transaction you are requesting.  For processor-specific information, see the &#x60;customer_cc_expyr&#x60; field description in [Credit Card Services Using the SCMP API.](http://apps.cybersource.com/library/documentation/dev_guides/CC_Svcs_SCMP_API/html)  | [optional] 
**type** | **String** | Three-digit value that indicates the card type.  Type of card to authorize. - 001 Visa - 002 Mastercard - 003 Amex - 004 Discover - 005: Diners Club - 007: JCB - 024: Maestro (UK Domestic) - 039 Encoded account number - 042: Maestro (International)  For the complete list of possible values, see &#x60;card_type&#x60; field description in the [Credit Card Services Using the SCMP API Guide.](http://apps.cybersource.com/library/documentation/dev_guides/CC_Svcs_SCMP_API/html)  | [optional] 
**useAs** | **String** | Flag that specifies the type of account associated with the card. The cardholder provides this information during the payment process.  #### Cielo and Comercio Latino  Possible values:   - CREDIT: Credit card  - DEBIT: Debit card  This field is required for:  - Debit transactions on Cielo and Comercio Latino.  - Transactions with Brazilian-issued cards on CyberSource through VisaNet.  **Note** The value for this field corresponds to the following data in the TC 33 capture file5: - Record: CP07 TCR0 - Position: 51 - Field: Combination Card Transaction Identifier  This field is supported only for Mastercard transactions in Brazil on CyberSource through VisaNet.  | [optional] 
**sourceAccountType** | **String** | Flag that specifies the type of account associated with the card. The cardholder provides this information during the payment process.  This field is required in the following cases:   - Debit transactions on Cielo and Comercio Latino.   - Transactions with Brazilian-issued cards on CyberSource through VisaNet.   - Applicable only for Visa Platform Connect (VPC).      **Note** Combo cards in Brazil contain credit and debit functionality in a single card. Visa systems use a credit bank identification number (BIN) for this type of card. Using the BIN to determine whether a card is debit or credit can cause transactions with these cards to be processed incorrectly. CyberSource strongly recommends that you include this field for combo card transactions.  Possible values include the following.   - &#x60;CHECKING&#x60;: Checking account  - &#x60;CREDIT&#x60;: Credit card account  - &#x60;SAVING&#x60;: Saving account  - &#x60;LINE_OF_CREDIT&#x60;: Line of credit or credit portion of combo card  - &#x60;PREPAID&#x60;: Prepaid card account or prepaid portion of combo card  - &#x60;UNIVERSAL&#x60;: Universal account  | [optional] 
**securityCode** | **String** | Card Verification Number.  #### Ingenico ePayments Do not include this field when **commerceIndicator**&#x60;&#x3D;recurring&#x60;. **Note** Ingenico ePayments was previously called _Global Collect_.  | [optional] 
**securityCodeIndicator** | **String** | Flag that indicates whether a CVN code was sent. Possible values:   - 0 (default): CVN service not requested. CyberSource uses this default value when you do not include      _securityCode_ field in the request.  - 1 (default): CVN service requested and supported. CyberSource uses this default value when you include      _securityCode_ field in the request.  - 2: CVN on credit card is illegible.  - 9: CVN was not imprinted on credit card.  | [optional] 
**accountEncoderId** | **String** | Identifier for the issuing bank that provided the customer’s encoded account number. Contact your processor for the bank’s ID.  | [optional] 
**issueNumber** | **String** | Number of times a Maestro (UK Domestic) card has been issued to the account holder. The card might or might not have an issue number. The number can consist of one or two digits, and the first digit might be a zero. When you include this value in your request, include exactly what is printed on the card. A value of 2 is different than a value of 02. Do not include the field, even with a blank value, if the card is not a Maestro (UK Domestic) card.  **Note** The issue number is not required for Maestro (UK Domestic) transactions.  | [optional] 
**startMonth** | **String** | Month of the start of the Maestro (UK Domestic) card validity period. Do not include the field, even with a blank value, if the card is not a Maestro (UK Domestic) card. &#x60;Format: MM&#x60;. Possible values: 01 through 12.  **Note** The start date is not required for Maestro (UK Domestic) transactions.  | [optional] 
**startYear** | **String** | Year of the start of the Maestro (UK Domestic) card validity period. Do not include the field, even with a blank value, if the card is not a Maestro (UK Domestic) card. &#x60;Format: YYYY&#x60;.  **Note** The start date is not required for Maestro (UK Domestic) transactions.  | [optional] 
**productName** | **String** | Name of the card product.  Possible value: - BNDES  This field is supported only for BNDES transactions on CyberSource through VisaNet. For details, see &#x60;card_product_name&#x60; field description in the [Credit Card Services Using the SCMP API.](https://apps.cybersource.com/library/documentation/dev_guides/CC_Svcs_SCMP_API/html/wwhelp/wwhimpl/js/html/wwhelp.htm).  The value for this field corresponds to the following data in the TC 33 capture file5: - Record: CP07 TCR4 - Position: 115-120 - Field: Brazil Country Data  | [optional] 


