# CyberSource.Ptsv2paymentsidrefundsMerchantInformation

## Properties
Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**merchantDescriptor** | [**Ptsv2paymentsMerchantInformationMerchantDescriptor**](Ptsv2paymentsMerchantInformationMerchantDescriptor.md) |  | [optional] 
**categoryCode** | **Number** | The value for this field is a four-digit number that the payment card industry uses to classify merchants into market segments. A payment card company assigned one or more of these values to your business when you started accepting the payment card company’s cards. When you do not include this field in your request, CyberSource uses the value in your CyberSource account.  For processor-specific information, see the &#x60;merchant_category_code&#x60; field description in [Credit Card Services Using the SCMP API.](http://apps.cybersource.com/library/documentation/dev_guides/CC_Svcs_SCMP_API/html)  #### CyberSource through VisaNet The value for this field corresponds to the following data in the TC 33 capture file5: - Record: CP01 TCR4 - Position: 150-153 - Field: Merchant Category Code  | [optional] 
**vatRegistrationNumber** | **String** | Your government-assigned tax identification number.  For CtV processors, the maximum length is 20.  For other processor-specific information, see the &#x60;merchant_vat_registration_number&#x60; field description in [Level II and Level III Processing Using the SCMP API.](http://apps.cybersource.com/library/documentation/dev_guides/Level_2_3_SCMP_API/html)  | [optional] 
**cardAcceptorReferenceNumber** | **String** | Reference number that facilitates card acceptor/corporation communication and record keeping.  For processor-specific information, see the &#x60;card_acceptor_ref_number&#x60; field description in [Level II and Level III Processing Using the SCMP API.](http://apps.cybersource.com/library/documentation/dev_guides/Level_2_3_SCMP_API/html)  | [optional] 
**taxId** | **String** | Your Cadastro Nacional da Pessoa Jurídica (CNPJ) number.  This field is supported only for BNDES transactions on CyberSource through VisaNet.  The value for this field corresponds to the following data in the TC 33 capture file5: - Record: CP07 TCR6 - Position: 40-59 - Field: BNDES Reference Field 1  For details, see &#x60;bill_merchant_tax_id&#x60; field description in the [Credit Card Services Using the SCMP API.](https://apps.cybersource.com/library/documentation/dev_guides/CC_Svcs_SCMP_API/html/wwhelp/wwhimpl/js/html/wwhelp.htm)  | [optional] 


