# CyberSource.Ptsv2paymentsPaymentInformationTokenizedCard

## Properties
Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**_number** | **String** | Customer’s payment network token value.  | [optional] 
**expirationMonth** | **String** | One of two possible meanings: - The two-digit month in which a token expires. - The two-digit month in which a card expires. Format: &#x60;MM&#x60; Possible values: &#x60;01&#x60; through &#x60;12&#x60;  **NOTE** The meaning of this field is dependent on the payment processor that is returning the value in an authorization reply. Please see the processor-specific details below.  #### Barclays and Streamline For Maestro (UK Domestic) and Maestro (International) cards on Barclays and Streamline, this must be a valid value (&#x60;01&#x60; through &#x60;12&#x60;) but is not required to be a valid expiration date. In other words, an expiration date that is in the past does not cause CyberSource to reject your request. However, an invalid expiration date might cause the issuer to reject your request.  #### Encoded Account Numbers For encoded account numbers (&#x60;card_type&#x3D;039&#x60;), if there is no expiration date on the card, use &#x60;12&#x60;.\\ **Important** It is your responsibility to determine whether a field is required for the transaction you are requesting.  #### Samsung Pay and Apple Pay Month in which the token expires. CyberSource includes this field in the reply message when it decrypts the payment blob for the tokenized transaction.  For processor-specific information, see the &#x60;customer_cc_expmo&#x60; field in [Credit Card Services Using the SCMP API.](http://apps.cybersource.com/library/documentation/dev_guides/CC_Svcs_SCMP_API/html)  | [optional] 
**expirationYear** | **String** | One of two possible meanings: - The four-digit year in which a token expires. - The four-digit year in which a card expires. Format: &#x60;YYYY&#x60; Possible values: &#x60;1900&#x60; through &#x60;3000&#x60; Data type: Non-negative integer  **NOTE** The meaning of this field is dependent on the payment processor that is returning the value in an authorization reply. Please see the processor-specific details below.  #### Barclays and Streamline For Maestro (UK Domestic) and Maestro (International) cards on Barclays and Streamline, this must be a valid value (1900 through 3000) but is not required to be a valid expiration date. In other words, an expiration date that is in the past does not cause CyberSource to reject your request. However, an invalid expiration date might cause the issuer to reject your request.  #### Encoded Account Numbers For encoded account numbers (&#x60;card_ type&#x3D;039&#x60;), if there is no expiration date on the card, use &#x60;2021&#x60;.  #### FDC Nashville Global and FDMS South You can send in 2 digits or 4 digits. When you send in 2 digits, they must be the last 2 digits of the year.  #### Samsung Pay and Apple Pay Year in which the token expires. CyberSource includes this field in the reply message when it decrypts the payment blob for the tokenized transaction.  **Important** It is your responsibility to determine whether a field is required for the transaction you are requesting.  For processor-specific information, see the &#x60;customer_cc_expyr&#x60; or &#x60;token_expiration_year&#x60; field in [Credit Card Services Using the SCMP API.](http://apps.cybersource.com/library/documentation/dev_guides/CC_Svcs_SCMP_API/html)  | [optional] 
**type** | **String** | Three-digit value that indicates the card type.  Type of card to authorize. - 001 Visa - 002 Mastercard - 003 Amex - 004 Discover - 005: Diners Club - 007: JCB - 024: Maestro (UK Domestic) - 039 Encoded account number - 042: Maestro (International)  For the complete list of possible values, see &#x60;card_type&#x60; field description in the [Credit Card Services Using the SCMP API Guide.](http://apps.cybersource.com/library/documentation/dev_guides/CC_Svcs_SCMP_API/html)  | [optional] 
**cryptogram** | **String** | This field is used internally. | [optional] 
**requestorId** | **String** | Value that identifies your business and indicates that the cardholder’s account number is tokenized. This value is assigned by the token service provider and is unique within the token service provider’s database.  **Note** This field is supported only for **Visa Platform Connect** and **FDC Nashville Global**.  | [optional] 
**transactionType** | **String** | Type of transaction that provided the token data. This value does not specify the token service provider; it specifies the entity that provided you with information about the token.  Set the value for this field to 1. An application on the customer’s mobile device provided the token data.  | [optional] 
**assuranceLevel** | **String** | Confidence level of the tokenization. This value is assigned by the token service provider.  **Note** This field is supported only for **Visa Platform Connect** and **FDC Nashville Global**.  | [optional] 
**storageMethod** | **String** | Type of technology used in the device to store token data. Possible values:  - &#x60;001&#x60;: Secure Element (SE). Smart card or memory with restricted access and encryption to prevent data tampering. For storing payment    credentials, a SE is tested against a set of requirements defined by the payment networks.     **Note** This field is supported only for _FDC Compass_.  - 002: Host Card Emulation (HCE). Emulation of a smart card by using software to create a virtual and exact representation of the card. Sensitive data is stored in a database that is hosted in the cloud. For storing payment credentials, a database must meet very stringent security requirements that exceed PCI DSS.  **Note** This field is supported only for _FDC Compass_.  | [optional] 
**securityCode** | **String** | Card Verification Number (CVN).  #### Ingenico ePayments Do not include this field when **commerceIndicator&#x3D;recurring**. **Note** Ingenico ePayments was previously called _Global Collect_.  For details, see &#x60;customer_cc_cv_number&#x60; field description in [Credit Card Services Using the SCMP API.](https://apps.cybersource.com/library/documentation/dev_guides/CC_Svcs_SCMP_API/html/wwhelp/wwhimpl/js/html/wwhelp.htm)  | [optional] 


