# CyberSource.Ptsv2payoutsProcessingInformation

## Properties
Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**businessApplicationId** | **String** | Payouts transaction type.  Applicable Processors: FDC Compass, Paymentech, CtV  Possible values:  **Credit Card Bill Payment**   - **CP**: credit card bill payment  **Funds Disbursement**   - **FD**: funds disbursement  - **GD**: government disbursement  - **MD**: merchant disbursement  **Money Transfer**   - **AA**: account to account. Sender and receiver are same person.  - **PP**: person to person. Sender and receiver are different.  **Prepaid Load**   - **TU**: top up  | [optional] 
**networkRoutingOrder** | **String** | This field is optionally used by Push Payments Gateway participants (merchants and acquirers) to get the attributes for specified networks only. The networks specified in this field must be a subset of the information provided during program enrollment. Refer to Sharing Group Code/Network Routing Order. Note: Supported only in US for domestic transactions involving Push Payments Gateway Service.  VisaNet checks to determine if there are issuer routing preferences for any of the networks specified by the network routing order. If an issuer preference exists for one of the specified debit networks, VisaNet makes a routing selection based on the issuer’s preference.  If an issuer preference exists for more than one of the specified debit networks, or if no issuer preference exists, VisaNet makes a selection based on the acquirer’s routing priorities.   See https://developer.visa.com/request_response_codes#network_id_and_sharing_group_code , under section &#39;Network ID and Sharing Group Code&#39; on the left panel for available values  | [optional] 
**commerceIndicator** | **String** | Type of transaction.  Some payment card companies use this information when determining discount rates. When you omit this field for Ingenico ePayments, the processor uses the default transaction type they have on file for you instead of the default value listed here.  For details, see the &#x60;e_commerce_indicator&#x60; field description in the [Credit Card Services Using the SCMP API Guide.](https://apps.cybersource.com/library/documentation/dev_guides/CC_Svcs_SCMP_API/html/wwhelp/wwhimpl/js/html/wwhelp.htm)  Possible value for Payouts: - internet  #### Ingenico ePayments Ingenico ePayments was previously called _Global Collect_.  #### Payer Authentication Transactions For the possible values and requirements, see \&quot;Payer Authentication\&quot; in [Credit Card Services Using the SCMP API.](https://apps.cybersource.com/library/documentation/dev_guides/CC_Svcs_SCMP_API/html/wwhelp/wwhimpl/js/html/wwhelp.htm)  #### Other Types of Transactions For details, see \&quot;Commerce Indicators\&quot; in [Credit Card Services Using the SCMP API.](https://apps.cybersource.com/library/documentation/dev_guides/CC_Svcs_SCMP_API/html/wwhelp/wwhimpl/js/html/wwhelp.htm)  | [optional] 
**reconciliationId** | **String** | Please check with Cybersource customer support to see if your merchant account is configured correctly so you can include this field in your request. * For Payouts: max length for FDCCompass is String (22).  | [optional] 
**payoutsOptions** | [**Ptsv2payoutsProcessingInformationPayoutsOptions**](Ptsv2payoutsProcessingInformationPayoutsOptions.md) |  | [optional] 


