# CyberSource.Ptsv2paymentsidcapturesProcessingInformation

## Properties
Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**paymentSolution** | **String** | Type of digital payment solution for the transaction. Possible Values:   - &#x60;visacheckout&#x60;: Visa Checkout. This value is required for Visa Checkout transactions. For details, see &#x60;payment_solution&#x60; field description in [Visa Checkout Using the SCMP API.](https://apps.cybersource.com/library/documentation/dev_guides/VCO_SCMP_API/html/)  - &#x60;001&#x60;: Apple Pay.  - &#x60;004&#x60;: Cybersource In-App Solution.  - &#x60;005&#x60;: Masterpass. This value is required for Masterpass transactions on OmniPay Direct. For details, see \&quot;Masterpass\&quot; in the [Credit Card Services Using the SCMP API Guide.](https://apps.cybersource.com/library/documentation/dev_guides/CC_Svcs_SCMP_API/html/)  - &#x60;006&#x60;: Android Pay.  - &#x60;007&#x60;: Chase Pay.  - &#x60;008&#x60;: Samsung Pay.  - &#x60;012&#x60;: Google Pay.  - &#x60;013&#x60;: Cybersource P2PE Decryption  - &#x60;014&#x60;: Mastercard credential on file (COF) payment network token. Returned in authorizations that use a payment network token associated with a TMS token.  - &#x60;015&#x60;: Visa credential on file (COF) payment network token. Returned in authorizations that use a payment network token associated with a TMS token.  - &#x60;027&#x60;: Click to Pay.  | [optional] 
**reconciliationId** | **String** | Please check with Cybersource customer support to see if your merchant account is configured correctly so you can include this field in your request. * For Payouts: max length for FDCCompass is String (22).  | [optional] 
**linkId** | **String** | Value that links the current authorization request to the original authorization request. Set this value to the ID that was returned in the reply message from the original authorization request.  This value is used for:  - Partial authorizations - Split shipments  For details, see &#x60;link_to_request&#x60; field description in [Credit Card Services Using the SCMP API.](https://apps.cybersource.com/library/documentation/dev_guides/CC_Svcs_SCMP_API/html/)  | [optional] 
**reportGroup** | **String** | Attribute that lets you define custom grouping for your processor reports. This field is supported only for **Worldpay VAP**.  For details, see &#x60;report_group&#x60; field description in [Credit Card Services Using the SCMP API.](https://apps.cybersource.com/library/documentation/dev_guides/CC_Svcs_SCMP_API/html/)  | [optional] 
**visaCheckoutId** | **String** | Identifier for the **Visa Checkout** order. Visa Checkout provides a unique order ID for every transaction in the Visa Checkout **callID** field.  | [optional] 
**purchaseLevel** | **String** | Set this field to 3 to indicate that the request includes Level III data. | [optional] 
**industryDataType** | **String** | Indicates that the transaction includes industry-specific data.  Possible Values: - &#x60;airline&#x60; - &#x60;restaurant&#x60; - &#x60;lodging&#x60; - &#x60;auto_rental&#x60; - &#x60;transit&#x60; - &#x60;healthcare_medical&#x60; - &#x60;healthcare_transit&#x60; - &#x60;transit&#x60;  #### Card Present, Airlines and Auto Rental You must set this field to &#x60;airline&#x60; in order for airline data to be sent to the processor. For example, if this field is not set to &#x60;airline&#x60; or is not included in the request, no airline data is sent to the processor.  You must set this field to &#x60;restaurant&#x60; in order for restaurant data to be sent to the processor. When this field is not set to &#x60;restaurant&#x60; or is not included in the request, no restaurant data is sent to the processor.  You must set this field to &#x60;auto_rental&#x60; in order for auto rental data to be sent to the processor. For example, if this field is not set to &#x60;auto_rental&#x60; or is not included in the request, no auto rental data is sent to the processor.  Restaurant data is supported only on CyberSource through VisaNet.  | [optional] 
**issuer** | [**Ptsv2paymentsIssuerInformation**](Ptsv2paymentsIssuerInformation.md) |  | [optional] 
**authorizationOptions** | [**Ptsv2paymentsidcapturesProcessingInformationAuthorizationOptions**](Ptsv2paymentsidcapturesProcessingInformationAuthorizationOptions.md) |  | [optional] 
**captureOptions** | [**Ptsv2paymentsidcapturesProcessingInformationCaptureOptions**](Ptsv2paymentsidcapturesProcessingInformationCaptureOptions.md) |  | [optional] 
**loanOptions** | [**Ptsv2paymentsProcessingInformationLoanOptions**](Ptsv2paymentsProcessingInformationLoanOptions.md) |  | [optional] 
**payByPointsIndicator** | **Boolean** | Flag that indicates if the transaction is pay by points transaction true: Transaction uses loyalty points false: Transaction does not use loyalty points Default: false  | [optional] 


