# CyberSource.Ptsv2paymentsidcapturesProcessingInformationAuthorizationOptions

## Properties
Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**authType** | **String** | Authorization type. Possible values:   - &#x60;AUTOCAPTURE&#x60;: automatic capture.  - &#x60;STANDARDCAPTURE&#x60;: standard capture.  - &#x60;VERBAL&#x60;: forced capture. Include it in the payment request for a forced capture. Include it in the capture request for a verbal payment.  #### Asia, Middle East, and Africa Gateway; Cielo; Comercio Latino; and CyberSource Latin American Processing Set this field to &#x60;AUTOCAPTURE&#x60; and include it in a bundled request to indicate that you are requesting an automatic capture. If your account is configured to enable automatic captures, set this field to &#x60;STANDARDCAPTURE&#x60; and include it in a standard authorization or bundled request to indicate that you are overriding an automatic capture. For more information, see the &#x60;auth_type&#x60; field description in [Credit Card Services Using the SCMP API Guide.](https://apps.cybersource.com/library/documentation/dev_guides/CC_Svcs_SCMP_API/html/wwhelp/wwhimpl/js/html/wwhelp.htm)  #### Forced Capture Set this field to &#x60;VERBAL&#x60; and include it in the authorization request to indicate that you are performing a forced capture; therefore, you receive the authorization code outside the CyberSource system.  For more information, see \&quot;Forced Captures\&quot; in [Credit Card Services Using the SCMP API Guide](https://apps.cybersource.com/library/documentation/dev_guides/CC_Svcs_SCMP_API/html/wwhelp/wwhimpl/js/html/wwhelp.htm).  #### Verbal Authorization Set this field to &#x60;VERBAL&#x60; and include it in the capture request to indicate that the request is for a verbal authorization. For more information, see \&quot;Verbal Authorizations\&quot; in [Credit Card Services Using the SCMP API](http://apps.cybersource.com/library/documentation/dev_guides/CC_Svcs_SCMP_API/html).  For processor-specific information, see the &#x60;auth_type&#x60; field in [Credit Card Services Using the SCMP API.](http://apps.cybersource.com/library/documentation/dev_guides/CC_Svcs_SCMP_API/html)  | [optional] 
**verbalAuthCode** | **String** | Authorization code.  #### Forced Capture Use this field to send the authorization code you received from a payment that you authorized outside the CyberSource system.  #### Verbal Authorization Use this field in CAPTURE API to send the verbally received authorization code.  For processor-specific information, see the &#x60;auth_code&#x60; field description in [Credit Card Services Using the SCMP API](http://apps.cybersource.com/library/documentation/dev_guides/CC_Svcs_SCMP_API/html).  | [optional] 
**verbalAuthTransactionId** | **String** | Transaction ID (TID).  #### FDMS South This field is required for verbal authorizations and forced captures with the American Express card type to comply with the CAPN requirements: - Forced capture: Obtain the value for this field from the authorization response. - Verbal authorization: You cannot obtain a value for this field so CyberSource uses the default value of &#x60;000000000000000&#x60; (15 zeros).  For more information about using this default value, see \&quot;Verbal Authorizations\&quot; in [Credit Card Services Using the SCMP API Guide](https://apps.cybersource.com/library/documentation/dev_guides/CC_Svcs_SCMP_API/html/wwhelp/wwhimpl/js/html/wwhelp.htm)  | [optional] 


