# CyberSource.PtsV2PaymentsPost201ResponseOrderInformationAmountDetails

## Properties
Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**totalAmount** | **String** | Amount you requested for the payment or capture.  This value is returned for partial authorizations. This field is also returned on incremental authorizations will contain the aggregated amount from the original authorizations and all the incremental authorizations.  | [optional] 
**authorizedAmount** | **String** | Amount that was authorized.  Returned by authorization service.  #### PIN debit Amount of the purchase.  Returned by PIN debit purchase.  #### FDMS South If you accept IDR or CLP currencies, see the entry for FDMS South in Merchant Descriptors Using the SCMP API.  | [optional] 
**currency** | **String** | Currency used for the order. Use the three-character [ISO Standard Currency Codes.](http://apps.cybersource.com/library/documentation/sbc/quickref/currencies.pdf)  #### Used by **Authorization** Required field.  **Authorization Reversal** For an authorization reversal (`reversalInformation`) or a capture (`processingOptions.capture` is set to `true`), you must use the same currency that you used in your payment authorization request.  #### PIN Debit Currency for the amount you requested for the PIN debit purchase. This value is returned for partial authorizations. The issuing bank can approve a partial amount if the balance on the debit card is less than the requested transaction amount. For the possible values, see the [ISO Standard Currency Codes](https://developer.cybersource.com/library/documentation/sbc/quickref/currencies.pdf). Returned by PIN debit purchase.  For PIN debit reversal requests, you must use the same currency that was used for the PIN debit purchase or PIN debit credit that you are reversing. For the possible values, see the [ISO Standard Currency Codes](https://developer.cybersource.com/library/documentation/sbc/quickref/currencies.pdf).  Required field for PIN Debit purchase and PIN Debit credit requests. Optional field for PIN Debit reversal requests.  #### GPX This field is optional for reversing an authorization or credit.  #### DCC for First Data Your local currency. For details, see the `currency` field description in [Dynamic Currency Conversion For First Data Using the SCMP API](http://apps.cybersource.com/library/documentation/dev_guides/DCC_FirstData_SCMP/DCC_FirstData_SCMP_API.pdf).  #### Tax Calculation Required for international tax and value added tax only. Optional for U.S. and Canadian taxes. Your local currency.  | [optional] 
**processorTransactionFee** | **String** | Amount up to N digit after the decimals separator as defined in ISO 4217 for the appropriate currency code.  | [optional] 
**exchangeRate** | **String** | The rate of conversion of the currency given in the request to CNY. The conversion happens at the time when Alipay's trade order is created  | [optional] 
**foreignCurrency** | **String** | Currency code for the transaction performed in cross border currency.  | [optional] 
**foreignAmount** | **String** | The transaction amount in CNY.  | [optional] 
**discountAmount** | **String** | If coupons/vouchers are used in the transaction, the discount amount redeemed in the settlement currency will be returned. Otherwise, no return.  | [optional] 


