# CyberSource.PtsV2PaymentsRefundPost201ResponseProcessorInformation

## Properties
Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**approvalCode** | **String** | Authorization code. Returned only when the processor returns this value.  The length of this value depends on your processor.  Returned by authorization service.  #### PIN debit Authorization code that is returned by the processor.  Returned by PIN debit credit.  #### Elavon Encrypted Account Number Program The returned value is OFFLINE.  #### TSYS Acquiring Solutions The returned value for a successful zero amount authorization is 000000.  | [optional] 
**transactionId** | **String** | Network transaction identifier (TID). You can use this value to identify a specific transaction when you are discussing the transaction with your processor. Not all processors provide this value.  Returned by the authorization service.  #### PIN debit Transaction identifier generated by the processor.  Returned by PIN debit credit.  #### GPX Processor transaction ID.  #### Cielo For Cielo, this value is the non-sequential unit (NSU) and is supported for all transactions. The value is generated by Cielo or the issuing bank.  #### Comercio Latino For Comercio Latino, this value is the proof of sale or non-sequential unit (NSU) number generated by the acquirers Cielo and Rede, or the issuing bank.  #### CyberSource through VisaNet and GPN For details about this value for CyberSource through VisaNet and GPN, see \"processorInformation.networkTransactionId\" in [REST API Fields](https://developer.cybersource.com/content/dam/docs/cybs/en-us/apifields/reference/all/rest/api-fields.pdf)  #### Moneris This value identifies the transaction on a host system. It contains the following information: - Terminal used to process the transaction - Shift during which the transaction took place - Batch number - Transaction number within the batch You must store this value. If you give the customer a receipt, display this value on the receipt.  **Example** For the value 66012345001069003: - Terminal ID = 66012345 - Shift number = 001 - Batch number = 069 - Transaction number = 003  | [optional] 
**forwardedAcquirerCode** | **String** | Name of the Japanese acquirer that processed the transaction. Returned only for JCN Gateway. Please contact the CyberSource Japan Support Group for more information.  | [optional] 
**merchantNumber** | **String** | Identifier that was assigned to you by your acquirer. This value must be printed on the receipt.  #### Returned by Authorizations and Credits.  This reply field is only supported by merchants who have installed client software on their POS terminals and use these processors: - American Express Direct - Credit Mutuel-CIC - FDC Nashville Global - OmniPay Direct - SIX  | [optional] 
**responseCode** | **String** | For most processors, this is the error message sent directly from the bank. Returned only when the processor returns this value.  **Important** Do not use this field to evaluate the result of the authorization.  #### PIN debit Response value that is returned by the processor or bank. **Important** Do not use this field to evaluate the results of the transaction request.  Returned by PIN debit credit, PIN debit purchase, and PIN debit reversal.  #### AIBMS If this value is `08`, you can accept the transaction if the customer provides you with identification.  #### Atos This value is the response code sent from Atos and it might also include the response code from the bank. Format: `aa,bb` with the two values separated by a comma and where: - `aa` is the two-digit error message from Atos. - `bb` is the optional two-digit error message from the bank.  #### Comercio Latino This value is the status code and the error or response code received from the processor separated by a colon. Format: [status code]:E[error code] or [status code]:R[response code] Example `2:R06`  #### JCN Gateway Processor-defined detail error code. The associated response category code is in the `processorInformation.responseCategoryCode` field. String (3)  #### paypalgateway Processor generated ID for the itemized detail.  | [optional] 
**responseSourceCode** | **String** | This field is used by Visa only and contains the response source/reason code that identifies the source of the field 39 response decision. Use this field only for clearing with your acquirer.  | [optional] 
**achVerification** | [**PtsV2PaymentsPost201ResponseProcessorInformationAchVerification**](PtsV2PaymentsPost201ResponseProcessorInformationAchVerification.md) |  | [optional] 
**networkTransactionId** | **String** | Same value as `processorInformation.transactionId` | [optional] 
**settlementDate** | **String** | Field contains a settlement date. The date is in mmdd format, where: mm = month and dd = day.  | [optional] 
**updateTimeUtc** | **String** | The date and time when the transaction was last updated, in Internet date and time format.  | [optional] 
**network** | [**Ptsv2paymentsProcessorInformationReversalNetwork**](Ptsv2paymentsProcessorInformationReversalNetwork.md) |  | [optional] 
**merchantAdvice** | [**PtsV2PaymentsRefundPost201ResponseProcessorInformationMerchantAdvice**](PtsV2PaymentsRefundPost201ResponseProcessorInformationMerchantAdvice.md) |  | [optional] 


