# CyberSource.PullFunds201ResponseProcessorInformation

## Properties
Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**systemTraceAuditNumber** | **String** | This field is returned by authorization and incremental authorization services. System trace number that must be printed on the customer's receipt.  | [optional] 
**approvalCode** | **String** | Issuer-generated approval code for the transaction.  | [optional] 
**responseCode** | **String** | Transaction status from the processor.  | [optional] 
**transactionId** | **String** | Network transaction identifier (TID). This value can be used to identify a specific transaction when you are discussing the transaction with your processor.  | [optional] 
**consumerAuthenticationResponse** | [**PullFunds201ResponseProcessorInformationConsumerAuthenticationResponse**](PullFunds201ResponseProcessorInformationConsumerAuthenticationResponse.md) |  | [optional] 
**retrievalReferenceNumber** | **String** | This field contains a number that is used with other data elements as a key to identify and track all messages related to a given cardholder transaction; that is, to a given transaction set.  Recommended format: ydddhhnnnnnn   Positions 1-4: The yddd equivalent of the date, where y = 0-9 and ddd = 001 – 366.  Positions 5-12: A unique identification number generated by the merchant or assigned by Cybersource.  | [optional] 
**avs** | [**PtsV2PayoutsPost201ResponseProcessorInformationAvs**](PtsV2PayoutsPost201ResponseProcessorInformationAvs.md) |  | [optional] 
**responseDetails** | **String** | This field might contain information about a decline.  | [optional] 
**customer** | [**PtsV2PayoutsPost201ResponseProcessorInformationCustomer**](PtsV2PayoutsPost201ResponseProcessorInformationCustomer.md) |  | [optional] 
**electronicVerificationResults** | [**PtsV2PayoutsPost201ResponseProcessorInformationElectronicVerificationResults**](PtsV2PayoutsPost201ResponseProcessorInformationElectronicVerificationResults.md) |  | [optional] 
**cardVerification** | [**PtsV2PaymentsPost201ResponseProcessorInformationCardVerification**](PtsV2PaymentsPost201ResponseProcessorInformationCardVerification.md) |  | [optional] 


