# CyberSource.RiskV1DecisionsPost201ResponseRiskInformationIpAddress

## Properties
Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**anonymizerStatus** | **String** | Indicates whether the transaction IP address is associated with a known anonymous proxy.  For all possible values, see the &#x60;score_ip_anonymizer_status&#x60; field description in the _Decision Manager Using the SCMP API Developer Guide_ on the [CyberSource Business Center.](https://ebc2.cybersource.com/ebc2/) Click **Decision Manager** &gt; **Documentation** &gt; **Guides** &gt; _Decision Manager Using the SCMP API Developer Guide_ (PDF link).  | [optional] 
**locality** | **String** | Name of the city decoded from the IP address used directly or indirectly by the customer to send the order.  For all possible values, see the &#x60;score_ip_city&#x60; field description in the _Decision Manager Using the SCMP API Developer Guide_ on the [CyberSource Business Center.](https://ebc2.cybersource.com/ebc2/) Click **Decision Manager** &gt; **Documentation** &gt; **Guides** &gt; _Decision Manager Using the SCMP API Developer Guide_ (PDF link).  | [optional] 
**country** | **String** | Name of the country decoded from the IP address used directly or indirectly by the customer to send the order.  For all possible values, see the &#x60;score_ip_country&#x60; field description in the _Decision Manager Using the SCMP API Developer Guide_ on the [CyberSource Business Center.](https://ebc2.cybersource.com/ebc2/) Click **Decision Manager** &gt; **Documentation** &gt; **Guides** &gt; _Decision Manager Using the SCMP API Developer Guide_ (PDF link).  | [optional] 
**administrativeArea** | **String** | Name of the state decoded from the IP address used directly or indirectly by the customer to send the order.  For all possible values, see the &#x60;score_ip_state&#x60; field description in the _Decision Manager Using the SCMP API Developer Guide_ on the [CyberSource Business Center.](https://ebc2.cybersource.com/ebc2/) Click **Decision Manager** &gt; **Documentation** &gt; **Guides** &gt; _Decision Manager Using the SCMP API Developer Guide_ (PDF link).  | [optional] 
**routingMethod** | **String** | Routing method decoded from the IP address used directly or indirectly by the customer to send the order.  For all possible values, see the &#x60;score_ip_routing_method&#x60; field description in the _Decision Manager Using the SCMP API Developer Guide_ on the [CyberSource Business Center.](https://ebc2.cybersource.com/ebc2/) Click **Decision Manager** &gt; **Documentation** &gt; **Guides** &gt; _Decision Manager Using the SCMP API Developer Guide_ (PDF link).  | [optional] 


