# CyberSource.Riskv1decisionsTravelInformationLegs

## Properties
Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**origination** | **String** | Use to specify the airport code for the origin of the leg of the trip, which is designated by the pound (#) symbol in the field name. This code is usually three digits long, for example: SFO &#x3D; San Francisco. Do not use the colon (:) or the dash (-). For airport codes, see the IATA Airline and Airport Code Search. The leg number can be a positive integer from 0 to N. For example: &#x60;travelInformation.legs.0.origination&#x3D;SFO&#x60; &#x60;travelInformation.legs.1.origination&#x3D;SFO&#x60;  **Note** In your request, send either the complete route or the individual legs (&#x60;legs.0.origination&#x60; and &#x60;legs.n.destination&#x60;). If you send all the fields, the complete route takes precedence over the individual legs.  For details, see the &#x60;decision_manager_travel_leg#_orig&#x60; field description in [Decision Manager Using the SCMP API Developer Guide.](https://www.cybersource.com/developers/documentation/fraud_management/)  | [optional] 
**destination** | **String** | Use to specify the airport code for the destination of the leg of the trip, which is designated by the pound (#) symbol in the field name. This code is usually three digits long, for example: SFO &#x3D; San Francisco. Do not use the colon (:) or the dash (-). For airport codes, see [IATA Airline and Airport Code Search](https://www.iata.org/publications/Pages/code-search.aspx). The leg number can be a positive integer from 0 to N. For example:  &#x60;travelInformation.legs.0.destination&#x3D;SFO&#x60; &#x60;travelInformation.legs.1.destination&#x3D;SFO&#x60;  **Note** In your request, send either the complete route or the individual legs (&#x60;legs.0.origination&#x60; and &#x60;legs.n.destination&#x60;). If you send all the fields, the complete route takes precedence over the individual legs.  For details, see the &#x60;decision_manager_travel_leg#_dest&#x60; field description in [Decision Manager Using the SCMP API Developer Guide.](https://www.cybersource.com/developers/documentation/fraud_management/)  | [optional] 
**departureDateTime** | **String** | Departure date and time for the each leg of the trip. Use one of the following formats: - &#x60;yyyy-MM-dd HH:mm z&#x60; - &#x60;yyyy-MM-dd hh:mm a z&#x60; - &#x60;yyyy-MM-dd hh:mma z&#x60;  Where:\\ &#x60;HH&#x60; &#x3D; hour in 24-hour format\\ &#x60;hh&#x60; &#x3D; hour in 12-hour format\\ &#x60;a&#x60; &#x3D; am or pm (case insensitive)\\ &#x60;z&#x60; &#x3D; time zone of the departing flight. For example, if the airline is based in city A, but the flight departs from city B, &#x60;z&#x60; is the time zone of city B at the time of departure.\\ **Important** For travel information, use GMT instead of UTC, or use the local time zone.  #### Examples  2011-03-20 11:30 PM PDT\\ 2011-03-20 11:30pm GMT\\ 2011-03-20 11:30pm GMT-05:00\\ Eastern Standard Time: GMT-05:00 or EST\\  **Note** When specifying an offset from GMT, the format must be exactly as specified in the example. Insert no spaces between the time zone and the offset.  | [optional] 


