# CyberSource.TssV2TransactionsGet200ResponseProcessingInformationAuthorizationOptions

## Properties
Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**authType** | **String** | Authorization type. Possible values:   - `AUTOCAPTURE`: automatic capture.  - `STANDARDCAPTURE`: standard capture.  - `VERBAL`: forced capture. Include it in the payment request for a forced capture. Include it in the capture request for a verbal payment.  #### Asia, Middle East, and Africa Gateway; Cielo; Comercio Latino; and CyberSource Latin American Processing Set this field to `AUTOCAPTURE` and include it in a bundled request to indicate that you are requesting an automatic capture. If your account is configured to enable automatic captures, set this field to `STANDARDCAPTURE` and include it in a standard authorization or bundled request to indicate that you are overriding an automatic capture.  #### Forced Capture Set this field to `VERBAL` and include it in the authorization request to indicate that you are performing a forced capture; therefore, you receive the authorization code outside the CyberSource system.  #### Verbal Authorization Set this field to `VERBAL` and include it in the capture request to indicate that the request is for a verbal authorization.  #### for PayPal ptsV2CreateOrderPost400Response Set this field to 'AUTHORIZE' or 'CAPTURE' depending on whether you want to invoke delayed capture or sale respectively.  | [optional] 
**authIndicator** | **String** | Flag that specifies the purpose of the authorization.  Possible values:  - **0**: Preauthorization  - **1**: Final authorization  To set the default for this field, contact CyberSource Customer Support.  #### Barclays and Elavon The default for Barclays and Elavon is 1 (final authorization). To change the default for this field, contact CyberSource Customer Support.  #### CyberSource through VisaNet When the value for this field is 0, it corresponds to the following data in the TC 33 capture file:  - Record: CP01 TCR0  - Position: 164  - Field: Additional Authorization Indicators When the value for this field is 1, it does not correspond to any data in the TC 33 capture file.  | [optional] 
**extendAuthIndicator** | **String** | Indicates Authorization extension transaction. Extension transaction is used to prolong the settlement period by one additional settlement cycle period.  Possible values: - true: Transaction is an Authorization Extension transaction.  - false: Transaction is not an Authorization Extension transaction.  | [optional] 
**cardVerificationIndicator** | **Boolean** | This API field will indicate whether a card verification check is being performed during the transaction  Possible values:   - `true`   - `false` (default value)  | [optional] 
**initiator** | [**TssV2TransactionsGet200ResponseProcessingInformationAuthorizationOptionsInitiator**](TssV2TransactionsGet200ResponseProcessingInformationAuthorizationOptionsInitiator.md) |  | [optional] 


