# CyberSource.TssV2TransactionsGet200ResponseOrderInformationAmountDetails

## Properties
Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**totalAmount** | **String** | Grand total for the order. This value cannot be negative. You can include a decimal point (.), but no other special characters. CyberSource truncates the amount to the correct number of decimal places.  **Note** For CTV, FDCCompass, Paymentech processors, the maximum length for this field is 12.  **Important** Some processors have specific requirements and limitations, such as maximum amounts and maximum field lengths. For details, see: - \&quot;Authorization Information for Specific Processors\&quot; in the [Credit Card Services Using the SCMP API Guide](https://apps.cybersource.com/library/documentation/dev_guides/CC_Svcs_SCMP_API/html/wwhelp/wwhimpl/js/html/wwhelp.htm). - \&quot;Capture Information for Specific Processors\&quot; in the [Credit Card Services Using the SCMP API Guide](https://apps.cybersource.com/library/documentation/dev_guides/CC_Svcs_SCMP_API/html/wwhelp/wwhimpl/js/html/wwhelp.htm). - \&quot;Credit Information for Specific Processors\&quot; in the [Credit Card Services Using the SCMP API Guide](https://apps.cybersource.com/library/documentation/dev_guides/CC_Svcs_SCMP_API/html/wwhelp/wwhimpl/js/html/wwhelp.htm).  If your processor supports zero amount authorizations, you can set this field to 0 for the authorization to check if the card is lost or stolen. For details, see \&quot;Zero Amount Authorizations,\&quot; \&quot;Credit Information for Specific Processors\&quot; in [Credit Card Services Using the SCMP API.](https://apps.cybersource.com/library/documentation/dev_guides/CC_Svcs_SCMP_API/html/wwhelp/wwhimpl/js/html/wwhelp.htm)  #### DCC with a Third-Party Provider Set this field to the converted amount that was returned by the DCC provider. You must include either this field or the 1st line item in the order and the specific line-order amount in your request. For details, see &#x60;grand_total_amount&#x60; field description in [Dynamic Currency Conversion For First Data Using the SCMP API](http://apps.cybersource.com/library/documentation/dev_guides/DCC_FirstData_SCMP/DCC_FirstData_SCMP_API.pdf).  #### FDMS South If you accept IDR or CLP currencies, see the entry for FDMS South in \&quot;Authorization Information for Specific Processors\&quot; of the [Credit Card Services Using the SCMP API.](https://apps.cybersource.com/library/documentation/dev_guides/CC_Svcs_SCMP_API/html/wwhelp/wwhimpl/js/html/wwhelp.htm)  #### DCC for First Data Not used.  | [optional] 
**currency** | **String** | Currency used for the order. Use the three-character I[ISO Standard Currency Codes.](http://apps.cybersource.com/library/documentation/sbc/quickref/currencies.pdf)  For details about currency as used in partial authorizations, see \&quot;Features for Debit Cards and Prepaid Cards\&quot; in the [Credit Card Services Using the SCMP API Guide](https://apps.cybersource.com/library/documentation/dev_guides/CC_Svcs_SCMP_API/html/wwhelp/wwhimpl/js/html/wwhelp.htm)  For an authorization reversal (&#x60;reversalInformation&#x60;) or a capture (&#x60;processingOptions.capture&#x60; is set to &#x60;true&#x60;), you must use the same currency that you used in your payment authorization request.  #### DCC for First Data Your local currency. For details, see the &#x60;currency&#x60; field description in [Dynamic Currency Conversion For First Data Using the SCMP API](http://apps.cybersource.com/library/documentation/dev_guides/DCC_FirstData_SCMP/DCC_FirstData_SCMP_API.pdf).  | [optional] 
**taxAmount** | **String** | Total tax amount for all the items in the order.  For processor-specific information, see the total_tax_amount field in [Level II and Level III Processing Using the SCMP API.](http://apps.cybersource.com/library/documentation/dev_guides/Level_2_3_SCMP_API/html)  | [optional] 
**authorizedAmount** | **String** | Amount that was authorized.  | [optional] 
**settlementAmount** | **String** | This is a multicurrency field. It contains the transaction amount (field 4), converted to the Currency used to bill the cardholder’s account.  | [optional] 
**settlementCurrency** | **String** | This is a multicurrency-only field. It contains a 3-digit numeric code that identifies the currency used by the issuer to bill the cardholder&#39;s account.  | [optional] 


