# CyberSource.TssV2TransactionsGet200ResponsePaymentInformationBankMandate

## Properties
Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**referenceNumber** | **String** | Unique value generated by CyberSource that identifies the transaction. Use this value to identify transactions in the Collections Report, which provides settlement information.  For details, see the &#x60;direct_debit_reconciliation_reference_number&#x60; reply field description in [Ingenico ePayments Developer Guide For Direct Debits.](https://apps.cybersource.com/library/documentation/dev_guides/Ingenico_ePayments_Dev/html/wwhelp/wwhimpl/js/html/wwhelp.htm)  | [optional] 
**recurringType** | **String** | Whether the direct debit is the first or last direct debit associated with the mandate, or one in between. Required only for the United Kingdom. Possible values: - &#x60;001&#x60;: First direct debit associated with this mandate. Use this value if a one-time direct debit). - &#x60;002&#x60;: Subsequent direct debits associated with this mandate. - &#x60;003&#x60;: Last direct debit associated with this mandate.  For details, see the &#x60;direct_debit_recurring_type&#x60; request field description in [Ingenico ePayments Developer Guide For Direct Debits.](https://apps.cybersource.com/library/documentation/dev_guides/Ingenico_ePayments_Dev/html/wwhelp/wwhimpl/js/html/wwhelp.htm)  | [optional] 
**id** | **String** | The mandate ID. Required only for the United Kingdom.  For details, see the &#x60;mandate_id&#x60; request field description in [Ingenico ePayments Developer Guide For Direct Debits.](https://apps.cybersource.com/library/documentation/dev_guides/Ingenico_ePayments_Dev/html/wwhelp/wwhimpl/js/html/wwhelp.htm)  | [optional] 


