# CyberSource.TssV2TransactionsPost201ResponseEmbeddedOrderInformationBillTo

## Properties
Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**firstName** | **String** | Customer’s first name. This name must be the same as the name on the card.  **CyberSource Latin American Processing**\\ **Important** For an authorization request, CyberSource Latin American Processing concatenates &#x60;orderInformation.billTo.firstName&#x60; and &#x60;orderInformation.billTo.lastName&#x60;. If the concatenated value exceeds 30 characters, CyberSource Latin American Processing declines the authorization request.\\ **Note** CyberSource Latin American Processing is the name of a specific processing connection that CyberSource supports. In the CyberSource API documentation, CyberSource Latin American Processing does not refer to the general topic of processing in Latin America. The information in this field description is for the specific processing connection called CyberSource Latin American Processing. It is not for any other Latin American processors that CyberSource supports.  **CyberSource through VisaNet**\\ Credit card networks cannot process transactions that contain non-ASCII characters. CyberSource through VisaNet accepts and stores non-ASCII characters correctly and displays them correctly in reports. However, the limitations of the credit card networks prevent CyberSource through VisaNet from transmitting non-ASCII characters to the credit card networks. Therefore, CyberSource through VisaNet replaces non-ASCII characters with meaningless ASCII characters for transmission to the credit card networks.  **For Payouts**:\\ This field may be sent only for FDC Compass.  ccAuthService\\ (Required when the billing country is the U.S. or Canada; otherwise, optional.) This field is optional if your CyberSource account is configured for relaxed requirements for address data and expiration date. See \&quot;Relaxed Requirements for Address Data and Expiration Date,\&quot; page 75. Important It is your responsibility to determine whether a field is required for the transaction you are requesting.  For processor-specific information, see the customer_firstname field in [Credit Card Services Using the SCMP API.](http://apps.cybersource.com/library/documentation/dev_guides/CC_Svcs_SCMP_API/html)  | [optional] 
**lastName** | **String** | Customer’s last name. This name must be the same as the name on the card.  **CyberSource Latin American Processing**\\ **Important** For an authorization request, CyberSource Latin American Processing concatenates &#x60;orderInformation.billTo.firstName&#x60; and &#x60;orderInformation.billTo.lastName&#x60;. If the concatenated value exceeds 30 characters, CyberSource Latin American Processing declines the authorization request.\\ **Note** CyberSource Latin American Processing is the name of a specific processing connection that CyberSource supports. In the CyberSource API documentation, CyberSource Latin American Processing does not refer to the general topic of processing in Latin America. The information in this field description is for the specific processing connection called CyberSource Latin American Processing. It is not for any other Latin American processors that CyberSource supports.  **CyberSource through VisaNet**\\ Credit card networks cannot process transactions that contain non-ASCII characters. CyberSource through VisaNet accepts and stores non-ASCII characters correctly and displays them correctly in reports. However, the limitations of the credit card networks prevent CyberSource through VisaNet from transmitting non-ASCII characters to the credit card networks. Therefore, CyberSource through VisaNet replaces non-ASCII characters with meaningless ASCII characters for transmission to the credit card networks.  ccAuthService\\ (Required when the billing country is the U.S. or Canada; otherwise, optional.) This field is optional if your CyberSource account is configured for relaxed requirements for address data and expiration date. See \&quot;Relaxed Requirements for Address Data and Expiration Date,\&quot; page 75. **Important** It is your responsibility to determine whether a field is required for the transaction you are requesting.  **For Payouts** : This field may be sent only for FDC Compass.  For processor-specific information, see the customer_lastname field in [Credit Card Services Using the SCMP API.](http://apps.cybersource.com/library/documentation/dev_guides/CC_Svcs_SCMP_API/html)  | [optional] 
**email** | **String** | Customer&#39;s email address, including the full domain name.  **CyberSource through VisaNet** Credit card networks cannot process transactions that contain non-ASCII characters. CyberSource through VisaNet accepts and stores non-ASCII characters correctly and displays them correctly in reports. However, the limitations of the credit card networks prevent CyberSource through VisaNet from transmitting non-ASCII characters to the credit card networks. Therefore, CyberSource through VisaNet replaces non-ASCII characters with meaningless ASCII characters for transmission to the credit card networks.  ccAuthService (Required when the billing country is the U.S. or Canada; otherwise, optional.) This field is optional if your CyberSource account is configured for relaxed requirements for address data and expiration date. See \&quot;Relaxed Requirements for Address Data and Expiration Date,\&quot; page 75. Important It is your responsibility to determine whether a field is required for the transaction you are requesting.  For processor-specific information, see the customer_email field in [Credit Card Services Using the SCMP API.](http://apps.cybersource.com/library/documentation/dev_guides/CC_Svcs_SCMP_API/html)  | [optional] 
**country** | **String** | Country of the billing address. Use the two-character ISO Standard Country Codes.  **CyberSource through VisaNet** Credit card networks cannot process transactions that contain non-ASCII characters. CyberSource through VisaNet accepts and stores non-ASCII characters correctly and displays them correctly in reports. However, the limitations of the credit card networks prevent CyberSource through VisaNet from transmitting non-ASCII characters to the credit card networks. Therefore, CyberSource through VisaNet replaces non-ASCII characters with meaningless ASCII characters for transmission to the credit card networks.  ccAuthService (Required when the billing country is the U.S. or Canada; otherwise, optional.) This field is optional if your CyberSource account is configured for relaxed requirements for address data and expiration date. See \&quot;Relaxed Requirements for Address Data and Expiration Date,\&quot; page 75. Important It is your responsibility to determine whether a field is required for the transaction you are requesting.  For processor-specific information, see the bill_country field in [Credit Card Services Using the SCMP API.](http://apps.cybersource.com/library/documentation/dev_guides/CC_Svcs_SCMP_API/html)  | [optional] 
**phoneNumber** | **String** | Customer’s phone number.  For Payouts: This field may be sent only for FDC Compass.  CyberSource recommends that you include the country code when the order is from outside the U.S.  For processor-specific information, see the customer_phone field in [Credit Card Services Using the SCMP API.](http://apps.cybersource.com/library/documentation/dev_guides/CC_Svcs_SCMP_API/html)  **CyberSource through VisaNet** Credit card networks cannot process transactions that contain non-ASCII characters. CyberSource through VisaNet accepts and stores non-ASCII characters correctly and displays them correctly in reports. However, the limitations of the credit card networks prevent CyberSource through VisaNet from transmitting non-ASCII characters to the credit card networks. Therefore, CyberSource through VisaNet replaces non-ASCII characters with meaningless ASCII characters for transmission to the credit card networks.  | [optional] 


