# CyberSource.TssV2TransactionsGet200ResponsePaymentInformationCard

## Properties
Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**suffix** | **String** | Last four digits of the cardholder’s account number. This field is included in the reply message when the client software that is installed on the POS terminal uses the token management service (TMS) to retrieve tokenized payment details.  You must contact customer support to have your account enabled to receive these fields in the credit reply message.  #### Google Pay transactions For PAN-based Google Pay transactions, this field is returned in the API response.  #### PIN debit This field is returned only for tokenized transactions. You can use this value on the receipt that you give to the cardholder.  Returned by PIN debit credit and PIN debit purchase.  This field is supported only by the following processors: - American Express Direct - Credit Mutuel-CIC - FDC Nashville Global - OmniPay Direct - SIX  | [optional] 
**prefix** | **String** | Bank Identification Number (BIN). This is the initial four to six numbers on a credit card account number.  #### Google Pay transactions For PAN-based Google Pay transactions, this field is returned in the API response.  | [optional] 
**expirationMonth** | **String** | Two-digit month in which the payment card expires.  Format: &#x60;MM&#x60;.  Valid values: &#x60;01&#x60; through &#x60;12&#x60;. Leading 0 is required.  #### Barclays and Streamline For Maestro (UK Domestic) and Maestro (International) cards on Barclays and Streamline, this must be a valid value (&#x60;01&#x60; through &#x60;12&#x60;) but is not required to be a valid expiration date. In other words, an expiration date that is in the past does not cause CyberSource to reject your request. However, an invalid expiration date might cause the issuer to reject your request.  #### Encoded Account Numbers For encoded account numbers (_type_&#x3D;039), if there is no expiration date on the card, use &#x60;12&#x60;.  #### FDMS Nashville Required field.  #### All other processors Required if &#x60;pointOfSaleInformation.entryMode&#x3D;keyed&#x60;. However, this field is optional if your account is configured for relaxed requirements for address data and expiration date. **Important** It is your responsibility to determine whether a field is required for the transaction you are requesting.  #### Google Pay transactions For PAN-based Google Pay transactions, this field is returned in the API response.  | [optional] 
**expirationYear** | **String** | Four-digit year in which the payment card expires.  Format: &#x60;YYYY&#x60;.  #### Barclays and Streamline For Maestro (UK Domestic) and Maestro (International) cards on Barclays and Streamline, this must be a valid value (&#x60;1900&#x60; through &#x60;3000&#x60;) but is not required to be a valid expiration date. In other words, an expiration date that is in the past does not cause CyberSource to reject your request. However, an invalid expiration date might cause the issuer to reject your request.  #### Encoded Account Numbers For encoded account numbers (**_type_**&#x60;&#x3D;039&#x60;), if there is no expiration date on the card, use &#x60;2021&#x60;.  #### FDMS Nashville Required field.  #### FDC Nashville Global and FDMS South You can send in 2 digits or 4 digits. If you send in 2 digits, they must be the last 2 digits of the year.  #### All other processors Required if &#x60;pointOfSaleInformation.entryMode&#x3D;keyed&#x60;. However, this field is optional if your account is configured for relaxed requirements for address data and expiration date. **Important** It is your responsibility to determine whether a field is required for the transaction you are requesting.  #### Google Pay transactions For PAN-based Google Pay transactions, this field is returned in the API response.  | [optional] 
**startMonth** | **String** | Month of the start of the Maestro (UK Domestic) card validity period. Do not include the field, even with a blank value, if the card is not a Maestro (UK Domestic) card. &#x60;Format: MM&#x60;. Possible values: 01 through 12.  **Note** The start date is not required for Maestro (UK Domestic) transactions.  | [optional] 
**startYear** | **String** | Year of the start of the Maestro (UK Domestic) card validity period. Do not include the field, even with a blank value, if the card is not a Maestro (UK Domestic) card. &#x60;Format: YYYY&#x60;.  **Note** The start date is not required for Maestro (UK Domestic) transactions.  | [optional] 
**issueNumber** | **String** | Number of times a Maestro (UK Domestic) card has been issued to the account holder. The card might or might not have an issue number. The number can consist of one or two digits, and the first digit might be a zero. When you include this value in your request, include exactly what is printed on the card. A value of 2 is different than a value of 02. Do not include the field, even with a blank value, if the card is not a Maestro (UK Domestic) card.  **Note** The issue number is not required for Maestro (UK Domestic) transactions.  | [optional] 
**type** | **String** | Three-digit value that indicates the card type.  **IMPORTANT** It is strongly recommended that you include the card type field in request messages even if it is optional for your processor and card type. Omitting the card type can cause the transaction to be processed with the wrong card type.  Possible values: - &#x60;001&#x60;: Visa. For card-present transactions on all processors except SIX, the Visa Electron card type is processed the same way that the Visa debit card is processed. Use card type value &#x60;001&#x60; for Visa Electron. - &#x60;002&#x60;: Mastercard, Eurocard[^1], which is a European regional brand of Mastercard. - &#x60;003&#x60;: American Express - &#x60;004&#x60;: Discover - &#x60;005&#x60;: Diners Club - &#x60;006&#x60;: Carte Blanche[^1] - &#x60;007&#x60;: JCB[^1] - &#x60;014&#x60;: Enroute[^1] - &#x60;021&#x60;: JAL[^1] - &#x60;024&#x60;: Maestro (UK Domestic)[^1] - &#x60;031&#x60;: Delta[^1]: Use this value only for Ingenico ePayments. For other processors, use &#x60;001&#x60; for all Visa card types. - &#x60;033&#x60;: Visa Electron[^1]. Use this value only for Ingenico ePayments and SIX. For other processors, use &#x60;001&#x60; for all Visa card types. - &#x60;034&#x60;: Dankort[^1] - &#x60;036&#x60;: Cartes Bancaires[^1,4] - &#x60;037&#x60;: Carta Si[^1] - &#x60;039&#x60;: Encoded account number[^1] - &#x60;040&#x60;: UATP[^1] - &#x60;042&#x60;: Maestro (International)[^1] - &#x60;050&#x60;: Hipercard[^2,3] - &#x60;051&#x60;: Aura - &#x60;054&#x60;: Elo[^3] - &#x60;062&#x60;: China UnionPay  [^1]: For this card type, you must include the &#x60;paymentInformation.card.type&#x60; or &#x60;paymentInformation.tokenizedCard.type&#x60; field in your request for an authorization or a stand-alone credit. [^2]: For this card type on Cielo 3.0, you must include the &#x60;paymentInformation.card.type&#x60; or &#x60;paymentInformation.tokenizedCard.type&#x60; field in a request for an authorization or a stand-alone credit. This card type is not supported on Cielo 1.5. [^3]: For this card type on Getnet and Rede, you must include the &#x60;paymentInformation.card.type&#x60; or &#x60;paymentInformation.tokenizedCard.type&#x60; field in a request for an authorization or a stand-alone credit. [^4]: For this card type, you must include the &#x60;paymentInformation.card.type&#x60; in your request for any payer authentication services.  #### Used by **Authorization** Required for Carte Blanche and JCB. Optional for all other card types.  #### Card Present reply This field is included in the reply message when the client software that is installed on the POS terminal uses the token management service (TMS) to retrieve tokenized payment details. You must contact customer support to have your account enabled to receive these fields in the credit reply message.  Returned by the Credit service.  This reply field is only supported by the following processors: - American Express Direct - Credit Mutuel-CIC - FDC Nashville Global - OmniPay Direct - SIX  #### Google Pay transactions For PAN-based Google Pay transactions, this field is returned in the API response.  #### GPX This field only supports transactions from the following card types: - Visa - Mastercard - AMEX - Discover - Diners - JCB - Union Pay International  | [optional] 
**accountEncoderId** | **String** | Identifier for the issuing bank that provided the customer’s encoded account number. Contact your processor for the bank’s ID.  | [optional] 
**useAs** | **String** | Flag that specifies the type of account associated with the card. The cardholder provides this information during the payment process.  Possible values:   - C: Credit transaction  - D: Debit transaction  This field is supported only for all card Types on Visa Platform Connect.  This field is required for:  - Debit transactions on Cielo and Comercio Latino.  - Transactions with Brazilian-issued cards on CyberSource through VisaNet.  **Note** The value for this field corresponds to the following data in the TC 33 capture file5: - Record: CP07 TCR0 - Position: 51 - Field: Combination Card Transaction Identifier  | [optional] 


