# CyberSource.TssV2TransactionsPost201ResponseEmbeddedProcessingInformation

## Properties
Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**paymentSolution** | **String** | Type of digital payment solution for the transaction. Possible Values:   - &#x60;visacheckout&#x60;: Visa Checkout. This value is required for Visa Checkout transactions. For details, see &#x60;payment_solution&#x60; field description in [Visa Checkout Using the SCMP API.](https://apps.cybersource.com/library/documentation/dev_guides/VCO_SCMP_API/html/)  - &#x60;001&#x60;: Apple Pay.  - &#x60;004&#x60;: Cybersource In-App Solution.  - &#x60;005&#x60;: Masterpass. This value is required for Masterpass transactions on OmniPay Direct. For details, see \&quot;Masterpass\&quot; in the [Credit Card Services Using the SCMP API Guide.](https://apps.cybersource.com/library/documentation/dev_guides/CC_Svcs_SCMP_API/html/)  - &#x60;006&#x60;: Android Pay.  - &#x60;007&#x60;: Chase Pay.  - &#x60;008&#x60;: Samsung Pay.  - &#x60;012&#x60;: Google Pay.  - &#x60;013&#x60;: Cybersource P2PE Decryption  - &#x60;014&#x60;: Mastercard credential on file (COF) payment network token. Returned in authorizations that use a payment network token associated with a TMS token.  - &#x60;015&#x60;: Visa credential on file (COF) payment network token. Returned in authorizations that use a payment network token associated with a TMS token.  - &#x60;027&#x60;: Click to Pay.  | [optional] 
**businessApplicationId** | **String** | Payouts transaction type. Required for OCT transactions. This field is a pass-through, which means that CyberSource does not verify the value or modify it in any way before sending it to the processor. **Note** When the request includes this field, this value overrides the information in your CyberSource account.  For valid values, see the &#x60;invoiceHeader_businessApplicationID&#x60; field description in [Payouts Using the Simple Order API.](http://apps.cybersource.com/library/documentation/dev_guides/payouts_SO/Payouts_SO_API.pdf)  | [optional] 
**commerceIndicator** | **String** | Type of transaction. Some payment card companies use this information when determining discount rates.  #### Used by **Authorization** Required payer authentication transactions; otherwise, optional. **Credit** Required for standalone credits on Chase Paymentech solutions; otherwise, optional.  The list of valid values in this field depends on your processor. See Appendix I, \&quot;Commerce Indicators,\&quot; on page 441 of the Cybersource Credit Card Guide.  #### Ingenico ePayments When you omit this field for Ingenico ePayments, the processor uses the default transaction type they have on file for you instead of the default value (listed in Appendix I, \&quot;Commerce Indicators,\&quot; on page 441.)  #### Payer Authentication Transactions For the possible values and requirements, see \&quot;Payer Authentication,\&quot; page 195.  #### Card Present You must set this field to &#x60;retail&#x60;. This field is required for a card-present transaction. Note that this should ONLY be used when the cardholder and card are present at the time of the transaction. For all keyed transactions originated from a POS terminal where the cardholder and card are not present, commerceIndicator should be submitted as “moto\&quot;  | [optional] 
**commerceIndicatorLabel** | **String** | Type of transaction. Some payment card companies use this information when determining discount rates.  #### Used by **Authorization** Required payer authentication transactions; otherwise, optional. **Credit** Required for standalone credits on Chase Paymentech solutions; otherwise, optional.  The list of valid values in this field depends on your processor. See Appendix I, \&quot;Commerce Indicators,\&quot; on page 441 of the Cybersource Credit Card Guide.  #### Ingenico ePayments When you omit this field for Ingenico ePayments, the processor uses the default transaction type they have on file for you instead of the default value (listed in Appendix I, \&quot;Commerce Indicators,\&quot; on page 441.)  #### Payer Authentication Transactions For the possible values and requirements, see \&quot;Payer Authentication,\&quot; page 195.  #### Card Present You must set this field to &#x60;retail&#x60;. This field is required for a card-present transaction. Note that this should ONLY be used when the cardholder and card are present at the time of the transaction. For all keyed transactions originated from a POS terminal where the cardholder and card are not present, commerceIndicator should be submitted as “moto\&quot;  | [optional] 


