# CyberSource.Ucv1sessionsPaymentConfigurationsPAYPALTokenizedPaymentMethod

## Properties
Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**usageType** | **String** | Indicates the type of vaulting relationship. Valid values: - \"MERCHANT\": Single merchant relationship. - \"PLATFORM\": Platform hosting multiple merchants.<br><br>  Optional field:<br> This field cannot be configured through the Merchant Experience screens in the Business Center and must be provided on a per‑transaction basis in the uc/v1/sessions API request when using PayPal Vaulting.  | [optional] 
**usagePattern** | **String** | Indicates how the merchant will primarily use the vaulted payment method. Valid values: - \"IMMEDIATE\": For on-demand, instant payments. These payments are variable in both amount and frequency and will be used to pay for goods or services before they are rendered to the buyer - \"DEFERRED\": For post-pay payments; that is, payments for goods or services that have already been rendered to the buyer - \"RECURRING_PREPAID\": For recurring payments before services are rendered. - \"RECURRING_POSTPAID\": For recurring payments after services are rendered. - \"THRESHOLD_PREPAID\": For payments when a pre-defined threshold is reached before services are rendered. - \"THRESHOLD_POSTPAID\": For payments when a pre-defined threshold is reached after services are rendered.<br><br>  Required field:<br> This field cannot be configured through the Merchant Experience screens in the Business Center and must be provided on a per‑transaction basis in the uc/v1/sessions API request when using PayPal Vaulting.  | [optional] 
**allowMultipleTokens** | **Boolean** | Create multiple payment tokens for the same payer, merchant/platform combination. This helps to identify customers distinctly even though they may share the same PayPal account.<br><br>  Optional field:<br> This field cannot be configured through the Merchant Experience screens in the Business Center and must be provided on a per‑transaction basis in the uc/v1/sessions API request.  | [optional] 


