# CyberSource.Vasv2taxOrderInformationShippingDetails

## Properties
Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**shipFromLocality** | **String** | City where the product is shipped from. This field is used only when the &#x60;orderInformation.shipTo.administrativeArea&#x60; and &#x60;orderInformation.shipTo.country&#x60; fields are present.  **NOTE** If this field appears in a &#x60;lineItems&#x60; object, then the value of this field in the &#x60;lineItems&#x60; object overrides the value of the corresponding field at the request-level or order-level object.  #### Tax Calculation This field is used to determine tax rules and/or rates applied to the transaction based on sourcing.  Optional for U.S. and Canadian taxes. Not applicable to international and value added taxes.  | [optional] 
**shipFromCountry** | **String** | Country from which the order is shipped. This field is used only when &#x60;orderInformation.shippingDetails.shipFromLocality&#x60; and &#x60;orderInformation.shippingDetails.shipFromAdministrativeArea&#x60; are present. Use the [ISO Standard Country Codes](http://apps.cybersource.com/library/documentation/sbc/quickref/countries_alpha_list.pdf).  **NOTE** If this field appears in a &#x60;lineItems&#x60; object, then the value of this field in the &#x60;lineItems&#x60; object overrides the value of the corresponding field at the request-level or order-level object.  #### Tax Calculation This field is used to determine tax rules and/ or rates applied to the transaction based on sourcing.  Optional for U.S., Canadian, international tax, and value added taxes.  | [optional] 
**shipFromPostalCode** | **String** | Postal code where the product is shipped from.  #### Tax Calculation This field is used to determine tax rules and/or rates applied to the transaction based on sourcing.  Optional for U.S. and Canadian taxes. Not applicable to international and value added taxes.  | [optional] 
**shipFromAdministrativeArea** | **String** | State from which the order is shipped. This field is used only when &#x60;orderInformation.shippingDetails.shipFromLocality&#x60; and &#x60;orderInformation.shippingDetails.shipFromCountry&#x60; are present. Use the [State, Province, and Territory Codes for the United States and Canada](http://apps.cybersource.com/library/documentation/sbc/quickref/states_and_provinces.pdf).  **NOTE** If this field appears in a &#x60;lineItems&#x60; object, then the value of this field in the &#x60;lineItems&#x60; object overrides the value of the corresponding field at the request-level or order-level object.  #### Tax Calculation This field is used to determine tax rules and/or rates applied to the transaction based on sourcing.  Optional for U.S. and Canadian taxes. Not applicable to international and value added taxes.  | [optional] 


